{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "product excellence: this factor is featured by the innovation in particular, which is strongly correlated to the concept of simplification of the daily practice and to the reliability. approachable, friendly: the nature of this factor is not only economical, but also technical, and it is a good indicator of a given focus on the client perceived by the market. too expensive: it just shows one item, and it classify the brand as too expensive in comparison to the benefits given, but it resulted to be a not important factor in this market and also the regression analysis shows a not relevant weight on the recommendation. the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the brand perception), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. the propensity to be recommended, is a crucial element of the brand image and, in this case, it is across the first three factors, but strongly influenced by the second one, the product excellence. this new way of thinking about the quality in dentistry, with innovation, easiness and reliability, clearly prevail on the market leadership. positioning drivers random sample brand image factor analysis 46 main brands awareness positioning the chart shows the means for the main known brands, as a matter of fact, this is a brand perception mapping. sirona, with the vast majority of the quotes, is clearly close to the average, even if it received lower scores for the product excellence. as the number of cases lowers, the values get far from the average, and some distinctive features can be highlighted for the main brands. interesting are the results from 3shape on product excellence, less positive is on approachable, friendly. as for 3m, only prestige leadership shows a positive score. all factors have mean zero and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. random sample buying behavior focus on cad-cam owners purchase process regarding the moment you took the decision to buy your equipment, among the following statements, which is the closest to the way you took such a decision? 48 base: 105 cases owners owners sample cad-cam owners have been asked to describe their purchasing process. even if the cost is high, in 61% of the cases the decision was an almost emotional one. on another hand, 39% of the respondents declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs, therefore a rational purchase. the behavior of those aged more than 55 resulted to be more emotional, while the younger ones declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs. the emotional approach is slightly higher for the chairside milling and slightly less for the purchase of a scanner. instinct purchase are less common among those having a business plan. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong in this business purchase process, influencers who provided advice/consultation before the purchase? 49 base: 105 cases owners owners sample influencers in the purchase process high weight of the word of mouth and sales rep. for the chairside milling. 30% of the cad-cam users sample declared to have received advice from colleagues or from the technician. so it is clear the strategic role of the customer care and after sales processes and loyalty strengthening. in general, the advice from the manufacturer sales rep.", "type": "Document"}}