{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 68 focus on brands items importance average score high trust, quality, and reputation are the attributes that appear to have the greatest impact on the recommendation for dentsply. however, it is interesting to note that the items related to familiarity and customer orientation are not far off from those just mentioned. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 69 focus on brands while it is true that the most significant items in determining the recommendation also receive ratings above the average, it is still interesting to note that customer orientation, which still holds above-average weight on the recommendation, does not receive ratings in line with the key attributes. instead, it falls below the average, indicating a potential area for improvement. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 70 focus on brands items importance average score note: although the items are displayed normally, the correlation analysis highlights that there are no significant items. it is likely that items with a significant influence on the recommendation are highly specific and unique to ivoclar, making it challenging to effectively measure the phenomenon using standardized analysis. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 71 focus on brands (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement recalling the note of the previous slide, the map highlights how the item with the highest weight on the recommendation are mostly located in the upper right side of the map, but the customer orientation and the support to the business development of the practice. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? gc 72 not significant focus on brands items importance average score the correlation analysis shows how some items are not significant. however, it is possible to highlight certain items that carry significant weight in the recommendation: highest quality, innovation, and long- time tradition. not significant not significant not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? gc 73 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the correlation map shows a significant item positioned in the critical area of improvement, which is innovation. note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kulzer brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 74 focus on brands items importance average score only two items are found to be significant: high quality and trust. not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant it is likely that items with a significant influence on the recommendation are highly specific and unique to kulzer, making it challenging to effectively measure the phenomenon using standardized analysis. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kulzer 75 focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement although many items are not significant, the kulzer map appears consistent, with items showing increasing scores as the weight on the recommendation increases. the significant items are positioned in the quadrant of strengths, the most appropriate portion of the map. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kerr 76 focus on brands items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant only a few factors are significant in the kerr correlation analysis: among these, innovation and high quality are the ones that show the highest weight on the recommendation. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kerr 77 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. it is interesting to note that all the items with a weight on the recommendation above the average are significant. among these, some are positioned in the critical improvement area: innovation, customer orientation, and business development support. how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ultradent brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 78 not significant not significant not significant not significant focus on brands items importance average score the items showing the highest weight in ultradent recommendation are high quality, trust, and high reputation. in particular for the latter, it is the item showing the highest average rating. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ultradent 79 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement from the map, it is evident that the items with the highest weight on the recommendation are also the ones that have received the highest scores. however, despite innovation and customer orientation having a weight on the recommendation above the average, they have received a below the average score, placing them in the critical area for improvement. note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? voco 80 not significant not significant not significant focus on brands items importance average score the correlation analysis for voco reveals numerous non- significant items. innovation, trust, highest quality and high reputation are the significant ones. in particular, innovation is the item that exhibits the highest correlation value on the recommendation. not significant not significant not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? voco 81 focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement out of all the items that show a high correlation value with the recommendation, it is worth noting that innovation is the only one among them that has received a below-average rating, placing it in the critical area for improvement. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image: factor analysis 82 brand positioning brand image: factor analysis 83 customer orientation / support: the first factor appears to be characterized by attributes that reflect a customer-oriented mindset and a business approach focused on development and support. it includes elements such as customer attention, support in the business development process, familiarity and friendliness, the best quality/price ratio, and ease of use of the products. these attributes indicate a commitment to understanding and meeting customer needs, as well as providing them with effective support for their business development.", "type": "Document"}}