{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "region cases % 1 north west 142 31% 2 north east 98 22% 3 centre 96 21% 4 south and islands 119 26% total 455 100% segmentation data demographic segmentation demographic and structural segmentation 7 2,3 dental chairs mean: 1994 52 years 1,3 full time dentists base: 455 cases total sample random sample stratification socio-demographic 8 random sample monthly expenditure on consumable materials in-house lab mean: 1.511 (1.016 cati vs 2.140 cawi) base: 455 cases total sample sample stratification parameters research methodology stratification of the practice activity 9 random sample mean: 37,2 patients per week number of weekly appointments number of precision impressions a week mean: 6,7 precision impressions a week number of implants placed in the last year mean: 56,3 implants placed in the last year base: 455 cases total sample stratification of the practice management modalities 10 random sample base: 455 cases total sample business/ marketing strategic plan awareness of the hourly costs awareness of the cost of treatments and markup does your clinic develop a business plan or strategic marketing plan? are you aware of the price per working hour of your team? are you aware of the prices and the margins of the treatments/therapies? the objective of this section is to create psychographics clusters to categorize the dental practices according to the managerial attitude the world of cad-cam technology users overall scenario cad-cam prostheses offering do you provide your patients with cad-cam indirect restorations produced at your practice or by suppliers/laboratories? 12 random sample base: 455 cases total sample 22% 27% 31% 20% mai raramente spesso regolarmente (sempre o quasi sempre) the weight of the practices offering digital workflow prosthesis is doubles in three years, even though for many of them still is an occasional solution. cad-cam prostheses offering do you provide your patients with cad-cam indirect restorations produced at your practice or by suppliers/laboratories? 13 in the practices with higher performance increases the number of prostheses and restorations produced using cad-cam, in the practices whose monthly expense for materials is higher than 900 euros (26%) and in the practices where more than 50 implants per year are placed (31%). in the practices with an improved business management the regular offer of prostheses and restorations produced using cad-cam is higher: in the practices having a marketing plan (30%) compared with practices that do not have it (17%). in the practices where the owner's age is less than 45 years (28%). in the practices with more than 3 equivalent dentists (31%). among dentists that answered to the questionnaire through internet, the percentage increases slightly, while there are no differences based on the practice pricing policy. just 20% proposes regularly (always or almost always) digital workflow prostheses. random sample base: 455 cases total sample cad-cam prostheses offer among those proposing digital work flow ones how do you use cad-cam technologies at your practice, according to the following modalities? 14 in the practices with an improved management, the offer of prostheses produced through scanner only and chairside milling is higher compared to the practices with a more traditional management: respectively the sample stands at 11% and 7%. the trend to own an intraoral scanner and a chairside milling unit is a feature of practices with better performances, and respectively 21% and 11% of practices in the last year have placed more than 50 implants. the chairside milling is more present among surgeries with more than 3 chairs (9%); the same trend features those having only the intraoral scanner (17%). 79% of the practices with more than 3 chairs send the impressions and the model outside, versus 95% of those practices with one chair. the ownership of this kind of equipment still is a marginal matter random sample base: 354 cases cad-cam restorations providers experience with the intraoral scanner how long do you have the intraoral scanner? 15 basically, the practices performing better purchased the intraoral scanner more than one year ago (36% of the practices placing more than 50 implants per year). the larger practices with a number of dental chairs higher than three, have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. the same phenomenon is observed with the number of dentists, where about 40% of the practices with more than 3 dentists state to have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. about one third of the installed equipment seem to be purchased in the last year. random sample base: 45 cases scanner owners dentists' opinions towards digital technologies opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside milling) according to the following definitions? 17 among the best performing practices the stance versus the cad-cam technologies improves: the overall opinion is the need to get closer to keep the pace of the innovation. also among the practices with a more evolved business management the opinion improves in comparison to the surgeries with a more traditional management, in particular, for those stating to have a business development plan. more discomfort: in the practices where the practices owner is higher than 55 years (38%) in the mono dental practices or just two dental chairs (33% and 36%) random sample base: 455 cases total sample opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside dental milling) according to the following definitions? 18 the discomfort is more present and seems to prevail regarding economical and conceptual matters. random sample base: 455 cases total sample weight: 22% weight: 68% weight: 10% 57% of those not offering digital work flow prosthesis, not even in outsourcing mode, named no digital users (weighting about one fourth of the sample), feel discomfort with the digital technologies. also those offering digital work flow prosthesis, even in outsourcing mode, at least one out of four (26%) feel discomfort, while those having a digital technology - only one out of 10 - declare to have troubles with that kind of technologies. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 19 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the practices with higher performance and with a monthly expenditure higher than 900 euros estimate that the cad-cam technology will replace completely the traditional prosthesis (69%). there are no significant differences within the socio-demographic sample stratification. also regarding the stratification by kind of business management doesnt show relevant statistical differences versus the overall sample average. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 20 random sample base: 455 cases total sample its interesting to note how also among no digital users, that is no digital workflow, not even in outsourcing, more than 50% state that the future will only be digital prosthetics. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how prosthetics is performed? 21 random sample base: 455 cases total sample without taking into account 2% of the sample which thinks that the future of the digital prosthesis will not prevail, and crossing the comfort situation with the perception regarding the future of the digital prosthesis, two main topics arise: despite the digital work flow prosthesis will have an important role, even not completely replacing the traditional one, more than 40% feel discomfort regarding the technologies. also among those thinking that the digital prosthesis will completely replace the traditional one, one out of four feels uncomfortable about those technologies. in both situation, a possible frustration from the users can be highlighted. those users may need help from both the manufacturers and the scientific world to ease the path towards a higher familiarity with the digital technologies. future purchase intention intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 23 the practices with better performances declare a higher attitude to the purchase of a cad-cam system: practices spending more than 900 a month (50%); those placing more than 50 implants a year (53%). a higher attitude to purchase the cad-cam technology comes from both the clinics with dentists younger than 55 (38% for dentists younger than 45 and 36% for dentists aged between 45 and 55); and for practices with bigger size, with more than 3 chairs (47%). certainly yes + probably yes 33% random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 24 random sample base: 410 cases non owners the purchase intention is double among those who already uses the full outsourcing, compared to those who do not offer digital work flow prostheses 38% vs 17%. the analysis of the sample stratification allows for a precise profiling of the potential buyers to develop marketing activities on, in order to increase demand generation. intention to buy: intraoral scanner vs. chairside milling unit 25 among those keen to invest in the cad- cam technologies, almost all of them declare their willingness to purchase an intraoral scanner in the next future. in the purchase intention for certainly and probably the difference is huge. in those cases, it is the offer pulling on the demand certainly certainly + probably base: 135 cases potential clients random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? (yes/no) 26 random sample base: 410 cases non owners primary target profile they are basically web respondents (double the intention to buy versus the phone respondents, slightly higher for the chairside milling), subscribers to sector newsletters, rather independent and with not loyal relationships with the dealers. the dentists from the south of italy are those showing the higher interest, where, however, those technologies are less widespread, in particular the chairside milling, with an intention to buy which is double the average. the target focus is between 46 and 55 years old, the younger ones (up to 45) are more oriented to the scanner and the older ones (more than 55) to the chairside milling. with specific regard to the chairside milling, the core target is the practice open for more than 20 years. despite there is a direct correlation between the size and the intention to buy, the big sized practice with at least 3-4 chairs and several consultants is more oriented towards the purchase of a scanner and far less to the chairside milling, which seems to be more interesting to a mid-sized practice with 2-3 chairs, which in the future may recur to the partnership with an internal technician. the specialized practices seem to be more oriented to make the investment (47% specialized practices vs 25% general ones), in specific prosthetics and implant dentistry with more than 50 implants placed a year (52% vs 33% overall average). those interested to the chairside milling do show a lower attitude to the strategic planning, which is contrary to those interested in the scanner. in the imagery of the dentists more oriented to the purchase, the most quoted brands, for those willing to buy a scanner are most of all 3m followed by 3shape (even though sirona is always the first one in the intention to buy), while among those keen to invest in a chairside milling the most quoted brand is sirona. intention to buy: probably/certainly no why you probably/certainly no? why not? main issue the cost random sample base: 269 cases not interested in purchasing intention to buy: probably/certainly yes why you probably/certainly yes? why yes? future vs performance the results indicate two different attitudes towards the purchase, having their roots in two very different system values: one of them has a psychologic origin (emotional) while the other is more objective, linked to the performance. generally, the latter is more present in the life cycle of those products exiting from the launch period and entering into the development one. random sample base: 135 cases interested in purchasing intention to buy: chairside milling and intraoral scanner what scanner/chairside milling brands are you willing to purchase? 29 random sample for both technologies is rather high the weight of dont know, and in the case of the chairside milling, also brands without cad-cam equipment are mentioned. the scanner seems to be a more competitive market with the co-leaders evenly performing in the mental basket for the choice of the equipment. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing chairside milling scanner demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? 30 random sample the spontaneous answers, among them the most quoted ones are affordability and better financial conditions, have been aggregated according to their nature into five areas and considering the responses instead of the respopndents as the base, with the exclusion of dont know and not interested. this data processing allows for further comparison among the different clusters. base: 455 cases total sample demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 31 random sample base: 455 cases total sample very interesting to evaluate the different approach of the respondents via phone versus those responding via web. the latter ones (which show a bigger size) is far less attentive to the economical aspect and more interested to the support and training, other than marketing. from a demographic and structural perspective, the younger respondents show a higher interest in the economical matters, which is also true for those showing a lower than average production performances. its interesting to note as the attitude towards the use of the technologies increases, the interest in the support and marketing increases as well, which a lower importance of the economical aspects. demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 32 random sample the analysis on the investment attitude, some interesting points emerge, because among those declaring an interest to the purchase, the attention to the economical aspects greatly reduces, while increases that on support and training (65% versus 26% of the rejectors) and a higher demand for assistance in practice from those thinking about a possible purchase (46% vs 18%). this is even more evident among those interested in the purchase of a chairside milling. also, they are more interested in the marketing support (almost double versus the ones interested in the purchase of the scanner only) to foster the demand from the patients. as for the economical matters, those interested in the chairside milling dont ask for a price reduction, but easier financial conditions or pay per use options. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing brand awareness analysis cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? 34 random sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the ability of a brand to represent its own product family, which is shown by the ratio called prominence. a higher prominence value means a higher ability to represent the analysed product family: this in fact is the ratio between the first mentioned brand top of mind and the unaided awareness. the sum of unaided awareness responses represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewees: in this case the sum of percentages is 145%, that means the interviewees have mentioned about 1,5 brands. its interesting to note that about 50% of the interviewees did not mention any brand, which is a clear sign of this market being a rather immature one, almost a niche. sirona is absolute brand awareness leader in this segment. base: 455 cases total sample 0,74 0,50 0,48 0,27 0,48 0,55 0,29 0,33 0,22 0,73 sirona 3shape 3m carestream kavo nobel biocare zirkonzahn planmeca dental wings ivoclar vivadent cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? segmentation according to technology orientation 35 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the low brand awareness is a specific feature of cad- cam non-owners and in particular, it belongs to those not even using the full outsourcing methodology. among the owners, the weight of the four top brands increases relevantly. cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness please tell me if you know the following brands? 36 random sample as for the total awareness, the values increase a lot, in particular for the brands with a relevant business also in other product categories. the relevance index (it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the total one) it is important because highlights the brands ability to be recalled spontaneously by the respondents in connection to the category, so is potentially very influential when they need to take a buying decision. the low relevance indexes shows the scarce ability of all brands to be associated to the cad-cam segment. base: 455 cases total sample 36% 13% 11% 8% 2% 1% 93% 47% 79% 58% 75% 21% sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology serie1 serie2 pqi index 0,39 0,28 0,13 0,14 0,03 0,03 sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology random sample base: 455 cases total sample sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity of the brand to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence 37 the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously (prominence). in the b2b market, the prominence is closely linked to the use of the products, while the relevance expresses the probability of a brand to be considered in the purchase process. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more representative of the cad-cam category. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be spontaneously recalled to mind (generally less wide spread), but compared to the average, they are more associated with the category in analysis. brand awareness, market category association regarding the brands you mentioned, please specify : overall scenario 38 random sample only 3shape resulted to be almost completely linked to the cad-cam segment, while for other important international brands, such as planmeca, carestream, 3m, etc. more than half of the sample dont know that they produce cad-cam equipment. base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously brand awareness, market category association brand association index to the category of cad-cam overall scenario random sample low association to cad-cam high low overall awareness high base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously the representativeness of the segment is very relevant when a big portion of the potential demand is still to fully develop, so that a secondary data processing has been performed, which evaluated with a different weight the three possible options: i know this brand as a manufacturer of cad-cam equipment (high representativeness) i know this brand as a manufacturer of both cad-cam equipment and other products ( medium representativeness) i know this brand as manufacturer of products which are different from cad-cam equipment (no representativeness) thanks to this processing it is possible to show a map where the information regarding the capability of a brand to be associated to the cad-cam segment is shown. the size of the bubbles represents the brands capacity to be associated to the cad-cam sector. brand positioning cad-cam manufacturers numeric distribution: intraoral scanner and chairside milling what model and brand of intraoral scanner you use to take digital impressions? 41 random sample numeric distribution it is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain product / brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier, not necessarily in an exclusive way. this section is placed in the brand perception because it is heavily affected by the brand penetration. please consider that on the random sample; only 45 scanners users have been found, for this reason the numeric distribution is shown for qualitative purposes only. as for the chairside milling, only 17 users have been found in the random sample, so that it is not possible to investigate the numeric distribution, even though 80% of the users quoted sirona. numeric distribution intraoral scanner base: 45 cases owners scanner brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know sirona. with a high number of quotes, sirona performance can be considered quite similar to that of the overall random sample. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample sirona (154 quotes) mean total sample (370 quotes) 42 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3shape (55 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3shape. the scores of the brand image, on average, looks higher than the overall scores, but for a few items, namely customer service oriented and approachable, friendly. 43 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3m (37 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3m. the respondents gave a higher evaluation to the concept of reputation but a weaker position can be seen regarding the pricing, the ease of use and in the customer orientation. 44 brand image factor analysis 45 prestige leadership: it includes the items linked to the reputation and prestige. this factor is far from the other items investigated, even if rather correlated to innovation and reliability. product excellence: this factor is featured by the innovation in particular, which is strongly correlated to the concept of simplification of the daily practice and to the reliability. approachable, friendly: the nature of this factor is not only economical, but also technical, and it is a good indicator of a given focus on the client perceived by the market. too expensive: it just shows one item, and it classify the brand as too expensive in comparison to the benefits given, but it resulted to be a not important factor in this market and also the regression analysis shows a not relevant weight on the recommendation. the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the brand perception), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. the propensity to be recommended, is a crucial element of the brand image and, in this case, it is across the first three factors, but strongly influenced by the second one, the product excellence. this new way of thinking about the quality in dentistry, with innovation, easiness and reliability, clearly prevail on the market leadership. positioning drivers random sample brand image factor analysis 46 main brands awareness positioning the chart shows the means for the main known brands, as a matter of fact, this is a brand perception mapping. sirona, with the vast majority of the quotes, is clearly close to the average, even if it received lower scores for the product excellence. as the number of cases lowers, the values get far from the average, and some distinctive features can be highlighted for the main brands. interesting are the results from 3shape on product excellence, less positive is on approachable, friendly. as for 3m, only prestige leadership shows a positive score. all factors have mean zero and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. random sample buying behavior focus on cad-cam owners purchase process regarding the moment you took the decision to buy your equipment, among the following statements, which is the closest to the way you took such a decision? 48 base: 105 cases owners owners sample cad-cam owners have been asked to describe their purchasing process. even if the cost is high, in 61% of the cases the decision was an almost emotional one. on another hand, 39% of the respondents declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs, therefore a rational purchase. the behavior of those aged more than 55 resulted to be more emotional, while the younger ones declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs. the emotional approach is slightly higher for the chairside milling and slightly less for the purchase of a scanner. instinct purchase are less common among those having a business plan. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong in this business purchase process, influencers who provided advice/consultation before the purchase? 49 base: 105 cases owners owners sample influencers in the purchase process high weight of the word of mouth and sales rep. for the chairside milling. 30% of the cad-cam users sample declared to have received advice from colleagues or from the technician. so it is clear the strategic role of the customer care and after sales processes and loyalty strengthening. in general, the advice from the manufacturer sales rep.", "type": "Document"}}