{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "it defines the brand capability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. 14 14 dental products in general: unaided awareness what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? regarding the mentioned brands, it is interesting to note that dentsply sirona has gained as much awareness as 3m. ivoclar remains one of the most frequently mentioned brands, followed by kerr and gc. among the top mentioned brands, we can still find henry schein among the dealers, and it is noteworthy that straumann is mentioned among the top 10 brands overall, while in 2018 no implants brand was mentioned. 15 the overlap index represents the average number of brands mentioned by each respondent: the sum of the percentage is 435%, that is, on average each respondent mentioned slightly more than 4 brands (overlap index: 4,35). 123% overlap index: 4,35 first and foremost, an increase in overlap can be observed (from 300% to 435%), mainly due to the mention of a greater number of brands in general. this phenomenon is widespread in all analyzed countries compared to the last edition in base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) dental products in general: unaided awareness what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? overlap index 4,60 3,68 4,69 4,70 4,39 the awareness analysis in different countries highlights a lower overlap index in germany, while spain has the highest index. 3m remains the most mentioned brand in italy and spain, while, albeit slightly, the awareness of dentsply sirona is higher in other countries, germany above all. gc, which is known to be strong in france, shows higher awareness in that country, while ivoclar is more mentioned in italy and spain, where voco also performs above average (in the latter). 16 base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) dental products in general: prominence index what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? 17 the phenomenon observed this year regarding the increase in the number of mentioned brands leads to a general decrease in the \"prominence index.\" with numerous brands being mentioned, it is less likely for the same brand to be mentioned as the first one. however, it is noticeable that 3m has experienced a more significant decrease in their \"prominence index\" compared to other brands. among them, dentsply sirona demonstrates better performance and is the only one that surpasses the index recorded in the previous edition. it is also worth noting the overall increase in ivoclar awareness, although the tom (top of mind) performance is about on the same level of this causes a decreased performance in the \"prominence index if compared to note: the comparison between the \"unaided awareness\" and the \"top of mind\", highlights relevant differences in the prominence index: a higher index value indicates the brand's ability to represent a product family. example: ivoclar is recalled to mind spontaneously by 35% of the respondents as a brand and 20% of those who know the brand, have mentioned it as the first one. base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) unaided awareness + prominence + dental products in general: prominence index what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? high quantity of awareness with less immediate association to the product category high quantity of awareness with high immediate association to the product category 18 note: the map relates quantitative awareness data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index that represents the brand attitude to be immediately associated with the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with an unaided awareness above the average one and higher immediate association to the product category. if we consider the \"prominence index\" as the ability of a brand to represent a specific product category, it can be stated that 3m and dentsply sirona are the two brands that most represent the dental products segment.", "type": "Document"}}