{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the perception is a convenient offering while respecting sustainability and user needs. those brands provide dentists with everything they need in a 360-degree approach. premium authority this definition summarizes the attributes present in this area: a high reputation based on a solid scientific foundation, excellence and superior quality, inspiring trust, a brands history and tradition. however, the attribute too expensive indicates that it may be considered a high-end or luxury brand with a higher price compared to the average. tech-forward leadership this area represents brands that stand out for their innovation, advanced digital presence, and the young and modern image they convey. these attributes indicate that the brand is at the forefront of new technologies, digitally oriented, and targeting a young and modern audience. tech- forward leadership emphasizes leadership in the technological field and the companys modern approach in providing innovative solutions. unlike the map proposed in 2018, the correspondence analysis in this edition does not clearly present two main axes. however, it is possible to identify certain positioning areas that are characterized by the presence of specific attributes that give rise to the names of these areas, as described below: correspondence analysis: positioning drivers 45 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership correspondence analysis: complete map 46 correspondence analysis: brands only 47 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership key take aways 48 first and foremost, it is interesting to note the positioning of orthodontic companies, which are primarily those belonging to the world of invisible aligner manufacturers. their positioning is perfectly compatible with the belonging area on this map. as observed in the past, catalog sales/mail-order businesses are positioned in the convenience area. straumann's positioning is heavily focused on performance, excellence, and the premium concept. it is noteworthy the positioning of dentsply sirona in the perception of dentists: it is close to the digital technology area but also relevant to the concept of being premium, as previously observed in the frequency distribution of attributes that have been analyzed. ivoclar and ultradent are positioned close to the concepts of effectiveness, practicality, and ease of use, with the brand gc being particularly close to the latter. kulzer's positioning is closely associated with the concepts of flexibility and versatility, voco with good value for money, and zhermack is closer to the convenience area. 49 brand image: items score brand positioning mean all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - all brands in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 50 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) this chart displays the overall average scores obtained by the investigated brands concerning specific attributes. the goal of the analysis is to compare the overall results with those obtained by the investigated brands to find out which items most significantly characterize the perceived image of each brand under investigation. brand image: focus on brands - 3m in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 51 mean 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) mean dentsply sirona (296 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - dentsply sirona in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 52 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ivoclar in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 53 mean ivoclar (144 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - gc in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 54 mean gc (95 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kulzer in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 55 mean kulzer (44 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kerr in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 56 mean kerr (108 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ultradent in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 57 mean ultradent (36 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - voco in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 58 mean voco (58 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 59 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) dentsply sirona (296 quotes) ivoclar (144 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 60 kerr (108 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) kulzer (44 quotes) gc (95 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 61 voco (58 quotes) ultradent (36 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 62 brand positioning bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the score explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the statements, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 63 items importance average score brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall 64 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. high quality, trust and innovation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall 65 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) the overall correlation analysis reveals certain prerequisites, such as high reputation, high quality, trust, and innovation. these can be regarded as attributes that users generally expect to find in a brand they use. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3m 66 focus on brands items importance average score not significant not significant not significant the correlation analysis of 3m shows that, similar to the overall analysis, innovation is considered one of the most significant items in determining the recommendation, along with trust and quality. not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3m 67 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the correlation map of 3m does not exhibit any attributes in the critical improvement area. furthermore, all items that have a weight on the recommendation above the average also have received ratings above the average, indicating a high level of consistency in their positioning.", "type": "Document"}}