{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "total_pages": 28, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "these are features that are not widely known or prevalent but could be strong differentiators if properly communicated. the elements in the bottom left are not particularly differentiating. free software updates are mentioned by many, but their importance is low, suggesting that they may be taken for granted. 18 how important are the following factors to you when choosing a scanner? base: 371 (total sample) low mean rank high bottom frequency top in the top right quadrant, the strongest items for a winning value proposition selection and ranking of top 5 items. the most frequently chosen items are on the vertical axis and their level of importance is on the horizontal axis, leading to strategic insights. relevant elements when choosing a scanner within the box, you can see the most relevant elements in choosing a scanner that were mentioned by over 40% of respondents. regarding the rankings, there are high scores for reading accuracy, high resolution of the scans and 3d files, affordable price or good offer. considering the three countries, an affordable price scores below average in france but is particularly high in spain, while product training is especially valued in france. flexible scanning is considered particularly relevant only in spain, while wireless charging is appreciated in italy and france. 19 how important are the following factors to you when choosing a scanner? base: 371 (total sample) main decision-drivers in choosing a scanner show differences in the three countries focus on compatibility with clear aligners 20 how important is compatibility specifically with invisalign for you? base: 55 (respondents who choose compatibility with clear aligners) country since the issue of compatibility with invisalign emerged during the focus groups, an analysis was conducted of those who identified aligner compatibility as important when choosing a scanner. of this 15%, two-thirds specifically value compatibility with invisalign. therefore, for 60% of those who answered compatibility with clear aligners\" to the previous question, this is a significant issue, likely a barrier. recalculating the weight of these respondents, it was found that for 9% of the overall sample, this is a highly relevant issue. it is a less significant concern in france, where there are fewer aligner users due to a more specialized market, while in italy and spain, where the market is more generalist, the percentage is around 9-10%. among ios owners, the percentage of those who consider compatibility with invisalign to be crucial is 10% of the overall sample, compared to 7% of non-owners. important factors when choosing a scanner the \"insurmountable\" barrier of incompatibility with invisalign affects 9% of the sample 21 how useful do you consider the use of an intraoral scanner in the following situations? base: 371 (total sample) france (%) italy (%) spain (%) mean vote (1-5) usefulness of the ios in different situations total (%) there is not a significant difference in the perceived usefulness of the scanner across the different situations listed as all of them receive a high level of consideration. however, time optimization, improving clinical effectiveness, and internal planning activities are the three situations where the scanner is considered most useful. spain considers the scanner less useful as a tool for optimizing times compared to the other two countries. italian dentists, on the other hand, find the scanner quite useful in all the listed situations, with slightly less emphasis on improving effectiveness. in france, respondents show less importance toward the usefulness of the scanner for improving internal planning activities, as a communication tools, and as a marketing tool, showing a strong orientation towards optimization and clinical effectiveness. in fact, only french dentists place less value on communication and marketing topics, while in other countries, all topics are rated very positively. the differences between owners and non-owners are quite evident, except for the case of improving internal planning activities and as a marketing tool: these items show aligned values for both owners and non-owners. regarding the other proposed topics, owners generally find the scanner quite useful. it is worth noting that non-owners consider the scanner useful for improving clinical effectiveness and as a marketing tool. 22 how useful do you consider the use of an intraoral scanner in the following situations? base: 371 (total sample) ios non owners (%) ios owners (%) mean vote (1-5) usefulness of the ios in different situations those who already use the scanner place much more value on all the proposed topics ios: limits and barriers for non owners only 23 24 barriers for non-owner prospects how much do you consider the following aspects an obstacle to adopting an intraoral scanner in your practice?", "type": "Document"}}