{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "focus group in-depth interviews cati interviews cad-cam market methodology in-depth interviews in-depth qualitative interviews were made with a sample of 60 interviewees, users / owners of cad-cam coming from sirona's clients list. each interview lasted about 40 min and the standard qualitative questionnaire was also performed. the dentists were treated as consultants. and the following topics were investigated: topics investigated: cad cam experience and previous contacts brand awareness and positioning buying process methodology cati interviews the main goals of cati interviews were to outline the phenomena met in qualitative steps and to find confirmation of subjects mentioned on the focus groups and in-depth interviews, making possible a statistical analysis of subjects previously raised. 570 interviews were made with dentists, always owners and/or responsible the practice; interviews were performed by telephone between august and october topics approached: sample segmentation brand awareness decision making / purchase brand use and customer's satisfaction brand image buying intention output focus group non users 9 cad cam experience and user profile dentists feel insecure and adverse to the use of cad-cam; there is a lack of familiarity and/or assurance in dressing up (doing the make up) on the prosthesis; they believe that cad-cam may be good for posterior teeth, but they will always need the prosthetic for the anterior ones; they do not believe that cad-cam is revolutionary for prosthesis; they believe that the price of cad-cam is prone to go down in the future; they know only sirona as brand reference; target price of a chairside cad-cam r$ 50 thousand. drivers for the purchase being easier than traditional impressions; perceived economical and working time advantage; having an use test - touching the equipment; knowing the technology better. cad cam experience and user profile dentists experienced increase of the average of restoration from 15/20 to 30/40 per month after the use of cad-cam dentists need to have a technician to help them with cad-cam pieces, because: the technician's labor hour is less expensive than that of the dentist; the quality is better; they do not need to spend so much time out of the chair the dentists showed an entrepreneurial and businessmen profile; dentists understand that making the prostheses internally with cad-cam is less expensive than sending them to the laboratory as a benefit of cad-cam, they understand that the equipment's cost is worthwhile, because the machine pays for itself with the increase in the number of prostheses. they also do believe that the patients' quality improves. in terms of social position and financial availability; output focus group users 10 cad cam experience and user profile sirona is unanimous among dentists as a brand reference; dentists see as an advantage the fact of sirona having a branch in brazil, which makes prices much lower and the proximity with the customer much higher. they also see as an advantage to be able to buy directly from the manufacturer, while for other companies, the purchase is made through a dealer / importer. for those who already had contact with other brands, the technical quality is the same, there is little change in the software design and the convenience of having sirona in brazil makes a great difference. they think they could receive more courses and trainings output focus group users 11 12 glossary confidence level indicates the research credibility level. as an example, a 95% confidence level means that the data acknowledged by the research is secure in 95% of the cases. confidence interval indicates how much the research data deviate from reality. though the research results are representative, they may not perfectly match those that would be obtained if the entire population was considered, each probing has an approximation degree that makes up the research's maximum error. in this case, the confidence interval of +-4% indicates that if data in the research equals 50%, the actual result may vary in +4% or -4%, i.e, it should be considered between 64%(60%+4%) and 56% (60%-4%). calculation basis for contingency data generally, the development presented here is calculated based on the responses of interviewees (usually the charts are blue colored) and indicate the percentage of dentists that achieve a given result. in other cases, certain questions have a quantitative nature (number of fillings, number of chairs, number of patients, etc.) and in this case, the reference base is the total amount in respect to the analyzed subject. (% of fillings, % of chairs, % of patients, etc.), in this case, the charts are usually green colored. other types of sample are indicated separately (e.g., % or average of fillings with amalgam in the full probing or only related to those that used amalgam). types of questions the research was completely developed with close-ended questions, which would result a single answer (therefore, the total of answers with a 100% result) or multiple answers (in this case, the sum of answers above 100% because the interviewee could choose one or more options). questions with multiple responses were indicated by the side of the corresponding chart. research sample 13 the analysis of this study is made up and analyzed by three segmentations of responding dental practices: random sample: responding dental practices resulting from a random database of brazilian practices. owners sample: responding dental practices that have cad-cam equipment (scanner and/or chairside dental milling) rising out of a random database and dentsply sirona clients database plus users of random sample (60+10).", "type": "Document"}}