{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "mean: 7,5 clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 98 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. net promoter score how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) compared to 2015, the net promoter score improves considerably, going from 0% to 38%, thanks to the increase in the percentage of advocates and the decrease in the percentage of detractors. mean: 8,0 n.p.s.: +38% clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 2015 mean: 7,5 n.p.s.: 0% 99 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories labo satisfaction score: overall brands lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean overall brands (365 quotes) labo 101 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to open technologies (42 quotes) overall (365 quotes) 3shape (31 quotes) dental wings (28 quotes) amann girrbach (25 quotes) satisfaction score: focus on completely satisfied - difference from mean labo 102 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). 103 the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. accuracy and reliability showed among the highest correlation scores, but this is true for the technical assistance and the possibility to use the equipment for a wide range of materials and or procedures. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 104 items importance satisfaction score labo overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 105 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied.", "type": "Document"}}