{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn overall labo 148 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn labo items importance average score not significant 149 in the evaluation of zirkonzahn brand performance, apart from reliability and innovation, the ability to be a leading brand seems to be important in the construction of the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation zirkonzahn labo 150 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. like it happens for dentsply sirona, it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and to be customer service oriented. in the zirkonzahn map, trustworthy is present in this area, too. dental wings (42 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: dental wings with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dental wings overall labo 151 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dental wings items importance average score not significant not significant not significant labo 152 the correlation analysis for dental wings looks quite similar to the overall analysis, where the most relevant items received high scores as well. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation dental wings labo 153 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. nobil metal (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: nobil metal with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. nobil metal overall labo 154 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? nobil metal labo 155 not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for nobil metal, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs.", "type": "Document"}}