{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: the satisfaction related to the whole market or the satisfaction related to a single product/brand. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or low differentiation if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company. satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map since, they tends to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 82 items satisfaction score items weight on overall satisfaction when assessing the weight of the different items on the overall satisfaction, the business support was found to be not very relevant and we decided to exclude it from the subsequent factor analysis. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis overall 83 (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) it is very interesting to see how the key components, being crucial in the determination of the overall satisfaction, all belong to service items and a crucial role is played by the running costs of the digital technologies, not properly related to the purchasing price. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis sirona 84 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) sirona brand has a relevant role, as it is by far the most quoted brand and to a certain extent affects the overall analysis, most of all in the customer satisfaction. that is no surprise that several main components seen in the overall results are also present in this map. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis kavo 85 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) kavo users feel the overall running costs not to be a crucial topic, but they are looking at softer items, like assistance and flexibility of the brand. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis 3m 86 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) among the most crucial items there are the overall running costs and the technical assistance. the handiness and ease of use are also crucial items. customer satisfaction: factor analysis 87 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 4 main drivers, product and service quality, easy practice, management costs, compatibility. factor 1 (product and service quality) it is related to the intrinsic qualities of the product, (which in this case is very different from the usual analysis on consumable products) and to services strictly related to it. seldom is possible to see an item in the factor analysis which carries together items related to the product component and to the service as well. in this case, the technical assistance and the sw updates go hand in hand with the accuracy and the ease of use. factor 2 (easy practice) the second factor has some soft components related to the grade of availability the company has to make the daily practice easy in the use of the digital technologies. this is true, according to the results of this analysis, when a company gives support in starting up the digital business, when the company is available and flexible and a wide range of materials is available. all of that, makes a company look reliable as well. 4 factors product and service quality easy practice management costs compatibility technical support from the company 0,844 technical assistance in case of repair 0,810 accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,779 handiness / ease of use 0,778 frequency of sw updates from the company 0,729 start-up training 0,800 wide range of materials available 0,774 availability and flexibility of the company 0,672 reliability 0,552 cost of sw updates 0,822 overall running costs 0,605 compatibility with other brands 0,907 factor 3 (management costs) not to forget that the new digital technologies can be considered a business of the practice, so that the management costs are also important to make this business profitable for the practice. in this sense, the running costs and the cost for sw updates make a separate factor accounting for the overall satisfaction. this factor has not to be confused with the cost for acquiring a digital equipment, but clearly, the ordinary costs, sustained every year to run the digital business do have their own importance. factor 4 (compatibility) the fourth and last factor is strictly related to the compatibility of the system with other systems, which allows for a easy way to expand the business and meet the needs from the patients. an open systems surely helps the users to be more flexible and ready to face the different situations that digital restorations shows. customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 88 what seen in the factor analysis takes here an assessment with regard to the importance that the multiple regression analysis highlights the single factors may have in determining the overall satisfaction. the value of r2 is really high in this analysis (0,832), so that we are pretty sure that almost all satisfaction can be explained by the items contained in the factors here shown. the item with the most relevant importance looks to be product and service quality accounting for 43% of the total satisfaction. it is quite obvious to see this, as the list of items contained in this item are very important features (just like said before, they are related to both the product and the service), and the overall satisfaction cannot be considered regardless those items and, consequently, this factor. what strikes the attention the most is the third item management costs, which accounts for 26% and it is the second most important factor in the assessment of the overall satisfaction. it is clear how issues like cost of sw updates and more generally running costs are considered to be quite important. not far from the management costs factor, the third most important one is easy practice accounting for 21% of the overall satisfaction. the way a company helps professionals to get the digital business started in a easy and quick way, accounts for a relevant portion in assessing the overall satisfaction. (r2=0,832) overall satisfaction 43% 26% product and service quality management costs 21% easy practice compatibility 9% italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}