{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. mean 86 base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes still comparing the spanish results to the italian ones, it is worth to note the higher perception of risk in spain, where all investigated brands show a certain percentage of very low scores below overall satisfaction bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). 88 the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. reliability, handiness and accuracy show the highest correlation scores, while the items related to the software updates, technical support and assistance have less impact on the overall satisfaction. its interesting to note the differences in the importance of the attributes when different topics are considered: in overall, it looks like the recommendation is dependent from confidence in the brand, reliability and the fact that the brand is customer oriented, while when it comes to evaluate the overall satisfaction in the use of this kind of equipment, the most relevant items are referred - more than the simple reliability - to the ease of use, increased productivity and the possibility to make the daily practice easier. also, although the cost of sw updates seems not to be a relevant issue, the overall running costs look to have an impact on the overall satisfaction. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 89 items importance satisfaction score overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 90 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. it is interesting to see that the company availability and flexibility, the overall running costs and the start-up training are key items in the construction of the overall satisfaction. (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference prerequisites key success factors overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies 91 items importance satisfaction score the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. the correlation analysis on open technologies highlights that accuracy, reliability the ability to make the daily practice easier are very important items for the construction of the satisfaction. not significant not significant not significant overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies 92 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. the start-up training, as seen in the overall analysis map, seems to be important in the construction of the satisfaction among open technologies users, while its satisfaction score looks to be very low indeed. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 93 items importance satisfaction score opposite to the overall results, the most relevant items in the construction of amann girrbach satisfaction seems to be related to the company availability and flexibility and to the technical assistance and support areas, in addition to the overall running costs and the software updates. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 94 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. there is plenty of items in the critical area for improvement in the amann girrbach map, given that almost all items showing a higher than average weight in the construction of the overall satisfaction do show a lower than average satisfaction score. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 95 items importance satisfaction score 3shape correlation analysis shows a quite different situation in comparison to the overall brands. the most important items for the construction of the satisfaction are company availability and flexibility, frequency of sw updates and start-up training. not significant overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 96 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. as seen in the map of amann girrbach, a lot of items are placed in the critical area for improvement of 3shape map. among them, start up training, frequency of sw updates and overall running costs are those with the highest weight on the overall satisfaction. overall satisfaction factor analysis customer satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the equipment, not only in terms of accuracy, quality and reliability, but also in terms of letting the laboratory perform at its best, having an easier daily practice and an increased productivity. other relevant items featuring this factor are related to a wide range of procedures and materials available. factor 2 (support) it is interesting to note that among the items included in this factor, there is business development support, which is not very closely related to the technical area, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but is felt to be important in the support provided by the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 98 3 factors performance support operating costs accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,831 makes daily practice easier 0,819 productivity increase 0,814 reliability 0,813 wide range of procedures available 0,798 handiness / ease of use 0,769 wide range of materials available 0,728 compatibility with other brands 0,681 start-up training 0,580 company availability and flexibility 0,560 technical assistance in case of repair 0,834 technical support from the company 0,779 business development support 0,549 cost of sw updates 0,861 overall running costs 0,625 + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis.", "type": "Document"}}