{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: chairside milling (respondents stating to use chairside milling unit at their practice); scanner (respondents stating to use scanner to send scan files outside for milling); impression (respondents stating to send outside impressions for milling). - channel: manuf/milling center (respondents stating to send impressions and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send impressions and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? 10 base: 1000 cases germany shows a higher penetration of dental practices with technicians. scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? if yes, how many? 11 base: 149 cases mean: 1,6 1,4 1,6 2,0 2,0 1,4 it look like germany has a higher heterogeneity where theres a higher penetration of dental practices with technicians, but where the average number of technicians is lower. other countries information should be considered as an indication only. scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? if no, how many laboratories do you cooperate with? 12 base: 851 cases mean: 2,0 1,5 2,1 2,0 2,4 2,9 uk and spain are the countries that tend to be provided by more than one laboratory. this means that the competition between laboratories can be higher in those countries. scenario: use of digital technologies in practices do you provide your patients with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 13 base: 1000 cases in comparison to an overall mean of 32%, spain, italy and germany seem to be the countries where digital indirect restorations are performed the most. uk looks to be an important exception in comparison to the other countries do you provide your patients with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 14 base: 1000 cases scenario: use of digital technologies in practices despite a rather low penetration of the digital technologies france shows one of the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 15 base: 323 cases the most frequent way to provide digital restorations is through the traditional channel, by sending the impressions or the scans to a dental lab or a manufacturer/milling center. 14% of providers of digital restorations do have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 16 base: 323 cases with regard to the analysis by channels, spain and france show the highest percentages of use of the manufacturer/milling center as the preferred channel, while italy shows the highest percentage of respondents owning a chairside milling unit. uk should be considered as an indication only, due to the reduced number of cases. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 17 base: 323 cases with regard to the technologies, again the traditional method is the most used one (86%). about 20% of the respondents providing digital technologies use an intraoral scanner, while 14% do have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers 11% is the percent of scanner owners, out of the total digital restorations providers, who use the scanner to send the files outside for milling. the total % of scanner owners, including those used with the in-lab milling units, is 20%. scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 18 base: 323 cases the analysis by country highlights italy as the country with the highest penetration of intraoral scanners users among digital restorations providers. uk should be considered as an indication only, due to the reduced number of cases. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 19 the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. base: 323 cases for example, among those using a scanner to send outside the scans, 44% of them also have a chairside milling. for example, those sending their restorations to a partner lab, in 11% of the cases also send them to a manufacturer/milling center and in 7% of the cases they have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers channels scenario: digital technology use - technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 20 the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison with the same channels and the different technologies used. please, see the example on the right. base: 323 cases for example, among those sending the impressions outside, 4% of them also have a scanner and 5% of them also have a chairside milling. for example, those sending their restorations to a partner lab in 11% of the cases they also have a scanner and in 7% of the cases they have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers technologies scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 21 base: 1000 cases its interesting to note how the majority of respondents declared the new digital technologies will play an important role but they will not replace the way the traditional restorations are performed. the highest percentage of respondents stating that digital technologies will replace the traditional restorations is in spain and italy, followed by france. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 22 base: 1000 cases in the analysis by respondents profiles, the only relevant difference is between the digital restorations providers and the rest of the sample. the latter ones show the lowest percentage regarding digital technologies that will completely replace the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 23 base: 1000 cases the sample is rather split between those trying to get closer to digital technologies and those feeling uncomfortable with them. the percentage of respondents using it and feeling comfortable with it, still are the minority at 13%. the highest percentages are in italy, spain and uk. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 24 base: 1000 cases its quite normal to find the respondents using a milling center to be perfectly accustomed to digital technologies, while the highest percentage of respondents feeling uncomfortable with them is related to respondents sending out their impression to third parties. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 25 base: 1000 cases about the future role of dentists and technicians in the new digital era, the majority of respondents is convinced that the cooperation will become tighter because of the high expertise of the technicians. the highest percentages are in germany and uk. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 26 base: 1000 cases the same feeling is widespread among the profiles analysed in this slide, where there are no relevant difference about this topic. on the other hand, its quite clear that dentists will need to get more expertise, due to the fact that they will be asked to perform part of the workflow currently performed by the technicians. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 27 base: 1000 cases the major part of the quotes are in the direction of a tighter cooperation between dentists and technicians and between dentists and the industry, due to the increasing need for specific manufactured products that the manufacturers can provide. this stance is rather even among countries, with spain showing a higher feeling about the increase in the cooperation between dentists and the industry. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 28 base: 1000 cases scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? 29 base: 1000 cases the sample is rather split evenly between those feeling the type of restorations will not change, and those thinking that there will be a change. the major differences come from germany and uk, where there are the major part of respondents stating there will be no change. scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? if yes , which way? please, answer with (not related, rather not related, neutral, rather related, totally related) to the following statements. 30 base: 469 cases the changes are mostly related the increased use of aesthetic materials and the increase of fixed prosthetics versus the mobile prosthetics. note the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items. the clustering is the following: not related: the scores grouped in this cluster are not related, rather not related. neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are neutral, rather related. totally related is shown without any grouping. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 31 base: 758 cases a provider will clearly need to give support to the users of the digital technology, in terms of training and information. frequently mentioned is also convenience. about 12% of respondents look for improved performances and again with 4% there is an item related to the support from the provider. it looks like two main drivers are present: convenience, also considering a return on investment and support (training and information). processing without don't know scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 32 total de fr it training and information 40% training and information 49% convenience 30% training and information 34% convenience 37% convenience 45% training and information 24% convenience 27% not interested 12% not interested 10% not interested 24% improve performances 15% improve performances 11% improve performances 4% improve performances 16% not interested 14% cooperation with the provider 4% cooperation with the provider 1% innovation 3% cooperation with the provider 10% innovation 4% innovation 1% cooperation with the provider 2% innovation 5% customer service 1% customer service 0% customer service 1% customer service 2% other 2% other 1% other 4% other 2% total 758 total 275 total 88 total 222 total sp uk training and information 40% convenience 45% training and information 43% convenience 37% training and information 40% convenience 34% not interested 12% improve performances 10% improve performances 17% improve performances 11% not interested 8% innovation 10% cooperation with the provider 4% innovation 5% not interested 4% innovation 4% cooperation with the provider 1% cooperation with the provider 1% customer service 1% customer service 0% customer service 0% other 2% other 1% other 1% total 758 total 101 total 72 processing without don't know scenario: 3d printing awareness are you aware of the 3d printing technology? are you aware of the availability of 3d printing technology in dentistry as well?", "type": "Document"}}