{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) attribute associations 37 effective/concrete easy to use flexible/versatile young and modern among all company brands that you know, which one is the closest to each of the following attributes? base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) 38 digital company socially responsable environmentally friendly attribute associations among all company brands that you know, which one is the closest to each of the following attributes? base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) price positioning 39 regarding the price, among all company brands that you know, which one is the closest to each of the following attributes? good but expensive very affordable ideal quality/price ratio too expensive base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) attribute associations: summary 40 for each brand, the table summarizes to 100% the number of quotes received for the given attributes. it is not a frequency distribution among all brands, but for each brand, a frequency distribution of all attributes is shown. for example: out of 3m total quotes, scientific represents 9%. in dentsply sirona distribution, the attribute with the highest number of quotes is digital company, while for gc is excellent/the best. key take aways 41 in several cases, dentsply sirona is mentioned more frequently compared to various attributes, closely approaching - and in some cases surpassing - the performance of 3m. this is true, for example, for the attributes \"high reputation, \"innovative / cutting edge, flexible / versatile, young and modern. it is worth noting an improvement in ivoclar performance: \"innovative / cutting edge, \"friendly / intimate,\" and \"easy to use\" are some examples where the percentage of respondents mentioning this brand has significantly increased. there is an increase in brand awareness for companies in the digital world. although this may not be evident in overall brand awareness, it becomes clear when analyzing specific attributes. for example, align technology is mentioned in the attributes \"innovative / cutting edge,\" \"young and modern,\" and \"reliable.\" regarding digital brands, it is also worth highlighting their significant presence in the attribute \"innovative / cutting edge,\" a phenomenon not observed in a separate mention should be made for the attribute \"digital company\": apart from the obvious presence of brands in this area, it is interesting to note the clear positioning of dentsply sirona, which aligns well with the strategic change undertaken several years ago, making it the top brand mentioned in this context. key take aways 42 regarding the price positioning, there is a noticeable shift in dentsply sirona performance, as it not the first quoted brand anymore for the item very affordable\" while it is the first quoted one in the items more related to a premium price area. there is a significant improvement for ivoclar in the attribute \"ideal quality/price ratio,\" making it the third most mentioned brand in this edition after 3m and dentsply sirona. analyzing the frequency distributions of the items by individual brand, the following phenomena can be observed: for 3m, the item \"scientific\" is mentioned more frequently compared to \"high reputation\" in for dentsply sirona, the focus on the digital field is confirmed, but in terms of price, the most mentioned item is \"too expensive\" instead of \"good but expensive\" in for ivoclar, the scientific and innovative areas are mentioned more frequently, along with ease of use and flexibility. it is interesting to note the shift from \"good but expensive\" to \"ideal quality/price ratio.\" for kulzer, the most mentioned items are \"effective / concrete\" and \"flexible / versatile.\" correspondence analysis it is a descriptive statistical technique applicable to qualitative variables, whose purpose is to summarize and plot the relationships expressed by a frequency table. the analysis allows to represent as points of the same space (typically a plane) the considered variables, i.e. the rows and columns of the frequency table. with this system, the similarities / differences between rows and / or columns are processed respectively in proximity / distance of the points from one another. through the use of this statistical technique, it is possible to highlight the perception of the respondents and make a comparison among the brands under analysis. depending on the position of the attributes on the plan (active variables) and the proximity of the passive variables (represented by the brands), the perceived positioning in the imagery of the sample can be better understood. statistical note 43 correspondence analysis: positioning drivers 44 sustainable value and convenience this concept encompasses the effectiveness and practicality of the brand, social responsibility and environmental awareness, ease of use, flexibility and versatility, as well as a friendly and intimate approach in the customer experience. the perception is a convenient offering while respecting sustainability and user needs. those brands provide dentists with everything they need in a 360-degree approach. premium authority this definition summarizes the attributes present in this area: a high reputation based on a solid scientific foundation, excellence and superior quality, inspiring trust, a brands history and tradition. however, the attribute too expensive indicates that it may be considered a high-end or luxury brand with a higher price compared to the average. tech-forward leadership this area represents brands that stand out for their innovation, advanced digital presence, and the young and modern image they convey. these attributes indicate that the brand is at the forefront of new technologies, digitally oriented, and targeting a young and modern audience. tech- forward leadership emphasizes leadership in the technological field and the companys modern approach in providing innovative solutions. unlike the map proposed in 2018, the correspondence analysis in this edition does not clearly present two main axes. however, it is possible to identify certain positioning areas that are characterized by the presence of specific attributes that give rise to the names of these areas, as described below: correspondence analysis: positioning drivers 45 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership correspondence analysis: complete map 46 correspondence analysis: brands only 47 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership key take aways 48 first and foremost, it is interesting to note the positioning of orthodontic companies, which are primarily those belonging to the world of invisible aligner manufacturers. their positioning is perfectly compatible with the belonging area on this map. as observed in the past, catalog sales/mail-order businesses are positioned in the convenience area. straumann's positioning is heavily focused on performance, excellence, and the premium concept. it is noteworthy the positioning of dentsply sirona in the perception of dentists: it is close to the digital technology area but also relevant to the concept of being premium, as previously observed in the frequency distribution of attributes that have been analyzed. ivoclar and ultradent are positioned close to the concepts of effectiveness, practicality, and ease of use, with the brand gc being particularly close to the latter. kulzer's positioning is closely associated with the concepts of flexibility and versatility, voco with good value for money, and zhermack is closer to the convenience area. 49 brand image: items score brand positioning mean all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - all brands in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 50 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) this chart displays the overall average scores obtained by the investigated brands concerning specific attributes. the goal of the analysis is to compare the overall results with those obtained by the investigated brands to find out which items most significantly characterize the perceived image of each brand under investigation. brand image: focus on brands - 3m in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 51 mean 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) mean dentsply sirona (296 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - dentsply sirona in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 52 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ivoclar in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 53 mean ivoclar (144 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - gc in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 54 mean gc (95 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kulzer in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 55 mean kulzer (44 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kerr in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 56 mean kerr (108 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ultradent in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 57 mean ultradent (36 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - voco in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 58 mean voco (58 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 59 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) dentsply sirona (296 quotes) ivoclar (144 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 60 kerr (108 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) kulzer (44 quotes) gc (95 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 61 voco (58 quotes) ultradent (36 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 62 brand positioning bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the score explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the statements, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 63 items importance average score brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall 64 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. high quality, trust and innovation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall 65 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) the overall correlation analysis reveals certain prerequisites, such as high reputation, high quality, trust, and innovation. these can be regarded as attributes that users generally expect to find in a brand they use. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3m 66 focus on brands items importance average score not significant not significant not significant the correlation analysis of 3m shows that, similar to the overall analysis, innovation is considered one of the most significant items in determining the recommendation, along with trust and quality. not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3m 67 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the correlation map of 3m does not exhibit any attributes in the critical improvement area. furthermore, all items that have a weight on the recommendation above the average also have received ratings above the average, indicating a high level of consistency in their positioning. note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 68 focus on brands items importance average score high trust, quality, and reputation are the attributes that appear to have the greatest impact on the recommendation for dentsply. however, it is interesting to note that the items related to familiarity and customer orientation are not far off from those just mentioned. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 69 focus on brands while it is true that the most significant items in determining the recommendation also receive ratings above the average, it is still interesting to note that customer orientation, which still holds above-average weight on the recommendation, does not receive ratings in line with the key attributes. instead, it falls below the average, indicating a potential area for improvement. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 70 focus on brands items importance average score note: although the items are displayed normally, the correlation analysis highlights that there are no significant items. it is likely that items with a significant influence on the recommendation are highly specific and unique to ivoclar, making it challenging to effectively measure the phenomenon using standardized analysis. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 71 focus on brands (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement recalling the note of the previous slide, the map highlights how the item with the highest weight on the recommendation are mostly located in the upper right side of the map, but the customer orientation and the support to the business development of the practice. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? gc 72 not significant focus on brands items importance average score the correlation analysis shows how some items are not significant. however, it is possible to highlight certain items that carry significant weight in the recommendation: highest quality, innovation, and long- time tradition. not significant not significant not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? gc 73 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the correlation map shows a significant item positioned in the critical area of improvement, which is innovation. note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kulzer brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 74 focus on brands items importance average score only two items are found to be significant: high quality and trust. not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant it is likely that items with a significant influence on the recommendation are highly specific and unique to kulzer, making it challenging to effectively measure the phenomenon using standardized analysis. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kulzer 75 focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement although many items are not significant, the kulzer map appears consistent, with items showing increasing scores as the weight on the recommendation increases. the significant items are positioned in the quadrant of strengths, the most appropriate portion of the map. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kerr 76 focus on brands items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant only a few factors are significant in the kerr correlation analysis: among these, innovation and high quality are the ones that show the highest weight on the recommendation. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? kerr 77 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. it is interesting to note that all the items with a weight on the recommendation above the average are significant. among these, some are positioned in the critical improvement area: innovation, customer orientation, and business development support. how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ultradent brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 78 not significant not significant not significant not significant focus on brands items importance average score the items showing the highest weight in ultradent recommendation are high quality, trust, and high reputation. in particular for the latter, it is the item showing the highest average rating. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ultradent 79 (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement from the map, it is evident that the items with the highest weight on the recommendation are also the ones that have received the highest scores. however, despite innovation and customer orientation having a weight on the recommendation above the average, they have received a below the average score, placing them in the critical area for improvement. note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? voco 80 not significant not significant not significant focus on brands items importance average score the correlation analysis for voco reveals numerous non- significant items. innovation, trust, highest quality and high reputation are the significant ones. in particular, innovation is the item that exhibits the highest correlation value on the recommendation. not significant not significant not significant brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? voco 81 focus on brands waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement out of all the items that show a high correlation value with the recommendation, it is worth noting that innovation is the only one among them that has received a below-average rating, placing it in the critical area for improvement. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) note: the grey items have been left in the map to show their positioning, although they present a low statistical significance. brand image: factor analysis 82 brand positioning brand image: factor analysis 83 customer orientation / support: the first factor appears to be characterized by attributes that reflect a customer-oriented mindset and a business approach focused on development and support. it includes elements such as customer attention, support in the business development process, familiarity and friendliness, the best quality/price ratio, and ease of use of the products. these attributes indicate a commitment to understanding and meeting customer needs, as well as providing them with effective support for their business development. established reputation: the second factor appears to be characterized by elements that reflect a consolidated reputation, a long-standing tradition, high quality. this factor includes elements such as a positive reputation earned over time, a tradition of excellence, and a commitment to utmost quality. the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. it relies on the concept that the correlations among the variables are not random, because are due to some existing common factors. the aim is to identify and quantify the above said common factors. the factor analysis is a psychometric analysis, and it is used in the behavioural sciences, like social sciences, marketing, product management and other environments where a big amount of data is present. in this case, we have used the factor analysis to identify the main recommendation drivers for the main brands stated in the unaided awareness. each factor is translated according to the items which compose it: note: the items have been shortened on purpose to allow for an easier reading of the table. innovation and trust are common elements. in the first factor, customer orientation / support innovation can manifest in the form of easy-to-use products and a focus on developing and supporting the customer's business. trust plays a role in building strong customer relationships. in the second factor, established reputation innovation explains a willingness to embrace new ideas and technologies to maintain a competitive edge. trust in the company is crucial in upholding its established reputation and maintaining customer loyalty. customer orientation/support established reputation customer oriented 0,754 business development support 0,699 familiar and friendly 0,674 best quality/price ratio 0,661 easy to use products 0,658 high reputation 0,815 long-time tradition 0,765 highest quality 0,749 trust in the company 0,607 0,658 innovation 0,620 0,637 brand image: factor analysis 84 the chart shows the differences in the scores of the factors by brand. for example, 3m perception is more featured by the established reputation, while for gc the perception is more affected by the customer orientation / support. the positive or negative relevance in the factors means a possible relevance of those factors in the overall perception for a give brand, but it doesnt necessarily mean that the brand is performing negatively regarding the attributes featuring the mentioned factors. note: the red circles underline the statistically significant differences from the overall mean. focus on brands brand image: factor analysis map 85 focus on brands (low) customer orientation / support (high) (low) established reputation (high) if we use the coordinates given by the averages of the two factors to draw a map, we obtain the result that can be observed here on the right. the position of the brands on the map is determined by their respective averages shown in the previous graph. on the map, it is possible to notice the areas where there is a predominance in the perception of the brand regarding factor 1, customer orientation / support (x axis, quadrants on the right side of the map), and which ones are more influenced by the factor 2 established reputation (y axis, quadrants on the upper side of the map). satisfaction - advocacy nps 86 loyalty metrics loyalty metrics: overall satisfaction please rate your overall satisfaction for the following brands. (scores: 1 not satisfied at all, 2 rather not satisfied, 3 neutral, 4 rather satisfied, 5 completely satisfied) mean quotes 1.142 280 296 95 144 108 44 36 58 the overall satisfaction level remains almost unchanged compared to the last survey. however, it is possible to highlight some significant differences regarding the brands under investigation: in particular, ivoclar gc and kerr show an increase in the overall satisfaction level. 87 loyalty metrics: advocacy and nps how likely are you to recommend the following company brands to a colleague? (scores: from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) net promoter score (nps) respondents are categorized as either promoters, neutrals, or detractors. for each brand, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of promoters, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. gc and ivoclar seem to be the most recommendable brands, while dentsply sirona, kulzer and voco show an nps score below the average. the possible answers (from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: detractor: scores from 0 to 6 neutral: scores 7 and 8 promoter: scores 9 and 10 88 base: 1.142 quotes mean nps switch analysis loyalty metrics 89 switch analysis: historical penetration and abandonment rate please indicate if you use the following brands: 90 first and foremost, it is important to highlight that the measured penetration refers to the overall activity of the practice, and is not limited to specific categories such as impression materials or restorative products. this explains the relatively higher data compared to what is typically measured for a specific product category. furthermore, it is interesting to note that companies with a wide portfolio covering multiple product categories have higher penetration and lower abandonment rates compared to the average (0,36). yes, i currently use its products / no, i used its products, but not anymore base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) switch analysis: abandonment rate 91 mean: 36% this chart shows the same kind of information seen in the previous slide, but the brands are shown ranked by descending abandonment rate. please indicate if you use the following brands: yes, i currently use its products / no, i used its products, but not anymore base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) digital workflow 92 intraoral scanner penetration do you have at least an intraoral scanner for taking optical impressions in your practice? 93 compared to omnivision digital 2021, the penetration of ios has significantly increased. however, it should be noted that because of the sample mainly represented by cawi respondents, the actual penetration of this technology may result in a lower value, but still around 30%-35% overall. the lower data in germany could still be attributed to the different configuration of the healthcare system. france germany italy spain uk yes and we use it often 47% 28% 49% 44% 49% yes, but we rarely use it 5% 5% 8% 3% 11% no and we don't know if we will buy it 1% 0% no, but we plan to buy it within a year 23% 21% 26% 30% 18% no and we don't plan to buy it 27% 46% 18% 21% 23% cases 200 224 200 194 200 base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) intraoral scanners brand what is the brand and year of purchase of your intraoral scanner(s)? 94 do you have an intraoral scanner for taking optical impressions? year of purchase average: 2020 base: 480 cases base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) although dentsply sirona is the leading brand in terms of overall penetration, it is interesting to note that the average year of purchase is further back in time. additionally, it is worth mentioning that dentsply sirona has the highest penetration in germany. these information indicate that the current performance of dentsply sirona is more influenced by historical penetration, particularly in germany. 3shape is the leader in italy, while align technology holds the top position in spain. france germany italy spain uk dentsply sirona 28% 47% 25% 18% 28% 3shape 26% 26% 35% 29% 14% align technology 14% 18% 13% 35% 11% medit 25% 15% 10% 15% 19% carestream 9% 5% 25% 8% 13% cases 102 74 113 92 118 2.018 2.020 2.020 2.021 2.019 2.019 2.022 new intraoral scanners 95 are you planning to buy a new intraoral scanner within a year? base: 480 cases (ios owners) base: 102 cases 21% of those who already own an ios device state their intention to purchase at least one more unit within a year.", "type": "Document"}}