{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "total_pages": 28, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "other marginal issues, such as problems related to internet connectivity and digital reliability in general, are relatively minor, although they are occasionally mentioned in focus groups. the next slide will show the details by country, where there is significant variability in price sensitivity among the three countries: in france, price is a concern for only 20% of respondents, but it is a major issue in spain, where nearly 50% of dentists consider it an obstacle to purchase. the full arches issue is also perceived as a minor one in france but is seen as a serious problem in spain. additionally, in spain, issues related to the mindset of the team and the labs, are considered problematic. the issue of compatibility with a particular brand of aligners is slightly higher in spain, but this topic will be explored in detail later. italians seem to place less importance on economic issues as a barrier to the first purchase. on this sub-target, the three most important elements pertain to the economic area non-owners only among those who do not own a scanner, the phenomenon can be observed in the ratings, which range from 1 to 10 and have been grouped as indicated in the legend. mean vote 25 barriers for non-owner prospects how much do you consider the following aspects an obstacle to adopting an intraoral scanner in your practice? base: 144 (respondents who do not have ios) mean vote non-owners only the issue of the economic effort is crucial in spain the factor analysis is a multivariate analysis technique used to study and interpret the correlations among a group of variables. the goal is to synthesize and reduce the data by summarizing the information contained in many variables into a few synthetic factors. each factor showed its own common features, resulting statistically different from each other factor. the obtained factors have been considered to carry out the cluster analysis. this factor analysis led to the identification of five factors into which the different variables considered were grouped. 26 barriers for non-owner prospects factor analysis how much do you consider the following aspects an obstacle to adopting an intraoral scanner in your practice? base: 144 (respondents who do not have ios) backwardness: this driver encompasses elements that seem unrelated and may appear trivial, but from the researchers' perspective, it represents a single driver of justifications rooted in biases rather than real issues. expensiveness: the problems in this area are related to convenience, where excessive investment is predominant, but also include concerns about technology evolution, although with a low correlation, and model printing. resistance to change: this area encompasses issues related to mindset, in particular potential biases and prejudices from both dentists and their laboratories. compatibility: this factor includes aspects related to compatibility with certain software or aligner systems. full arch issues: the issues falling under this factor are related to full arches, including aspects related to the ergonomics of the handpiece and long working times. non-owners only drivers of resistance the resistances are grouped into subjective and objective drivers cross loading: when certain items are present in two factors, it means that they partially contribute to both drivers. the numerical values refer to the degree of correlation (mean 0, variance +/-1). 27 barriers for non-owner prospects factor analysis how much do you consider the following aspects an obstacle to adopting an intraoral scanner in your practice? base: 144 (respondents who do not have ios) regarding the countries, france exhibits more issues related to biases and stereotypes, which likely indicate a considerable resistance to change. on the other hand, italy and spain show statistically significant data (with opposing opinions) regarding the factor of expensiveness: italian dentists do not place much importance on this factor, in contrast to spanish dentists, for whom price-related issues are of great significance. in spain, compatibility also emerges as a relevant issue, but it should be noted that the large share of invisalign aligners and itero scanners undoubtedly influences this perception. it is worth noting that respondents aged 45 to 54 assign greater importance to the top three factors; this is a target group of affluents who have not yet made a purchase but feel they must do so. dentists over the age of 54 place little weight on all factors in general (it is possible that some aspects related to older respondents have not been investigated). dental practices with more than three chairs significantly evaluate issues of compatibility and full-arch prosthetics. each factor has an average of 0, so by analyzing the average scores on individual cases, it is possible to statistically measure and visually observe the differences in the evaluation of each driver compared to the mean (horizontal axis). the factors help to highlight the differences and to profile the various segments non-owners only key-stone srl all rights reserved.", "type": "Document"}}