{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "non-owners 70 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. trend analysis in comparison to year 2015, there is a higher percentage of quotes related to a lack of interest or in the need for the digital technologies and concerning low demand. its interesting to note that the incidence of quotes regarding the preference for the traditional method decreased remarkably, and for concerns regarding the poor familiarity with the technology. due to the differences in the overlap index (2,29 in 2018 vs 1,33 in 2015), the graph shows the percentage of answers instead of the percentage of respondents, so the overall sum is 100% and the results are comparable. base: 245 cases clinic digital technologies in dental practices breakdown by technology and channel clinic digital technology use: breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 72 base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. since the digital prosthesis providers have almost doubled with respect to 2015, the following chart shows the penetration of the different channels calculated on the whole sample. it is interesting to note how the penetration of the chairside milling units looks to be quite stable over the years, while the most relevant part in the increase in the use of the digital technologies is played by the increase of the outsourcing especially by using the partner lab (outsourcing by using the manufacturer/milling center is quite low). percentage of dental practices - digital users only the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of dental practices - whole sample clinic base: 281 cases (whole sample) digital technology use: breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 73 base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. since the digital prosthesis providers have almost doubled with respect to 2015, the following chart shows the penetration of the different technologies (or flows) calculated on the whole sample. as regards the technologies, set aside the quite stable penetration of the chairside milling units, it is relevant the growth of both the scans sent outside (from 5% to 10% in 2018), and the use of traditional impressions sent outside (from 30% to 60%) for milling. percentage of dental practices - digital users only percentage of dental practices - whole sample clinic base: 281 cases (whole sample) digital technology use: channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 74 for example, among those performing full outsourcing (sending impressions outside), 35% of them send the impressions to a manufacturer and 97% of them send the impressions to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or impressions to a partner lab in 5% of the cases they also have a chairside milling unit and in 33% of the cases they also send the scans or impressions to a manufacturer/milling center. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison to the users of the same channels or technologies. please, see the example on the right. base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) channels percentage of dental practices - digital users only clinic digital technology use: technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 75 for example, among those sending scans outside for milling, 21% of them also have a chairside milling unit and 79% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their impressions or scans to a partner lab, 16% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 5% of them also have a chairside milling unit. base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) technologies the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of use of the different technologies, in comparison to the users of the same technologies or channels. please, see the example on the right. percentage of dental practices - digital users only digital technologies in dental practices brands numeric distribution clinic digital technologies: equipment numeric distribution - ranking what is the brand of your scanners/chairside milling units? overall 77 base: 36 cases (intra-oral scanner owners) base: 36 cases (digital technologies owners) intra-oral scanners to take digital impressions chairside milling units only base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) chairside milling units including scanners due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. clinic digital technologies: cad-cam consumable materials - ranking what are the brands of the cad-cam consumable materials that you use with your chairside milling, at your practice? chairside milling unit owners 78 base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. clinic digital technologies in laboratories digital technologies owners and intention to buy labo 80 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. considering the whole sample, there is a 5% increase in the number of in- house milling units and a significant increase in scanner users (+14%). labo base: 600 cases (whole sample) scanner to take digital impressions milling unit digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? technology intention to buy are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies within the next year?", "type": "Document"}}