{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "lower scores in repurchase intention have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still use this product in the future. even if the perception of perceived value is negative, this item does not impact on the trend towards recommendation or repurchase intention. high cost/benefit average cost/benefit low cost/benefit advocate neutral non-advocate low risk medium risk high risk owners sample potential market for cad-cam cad-cam world overview position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 40 base: 570 cases total sample random sample analyzing the clusters of dental practices, it can be noticed among younger dentists, among practices with higher number of chairs and among practices the serve predominantly patients of a high social class, a higher level than the average for comfort with cad-cam technology. position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 41 base: 570 cases total sample still analyzing the practices clusters, we have perceived some other patterns regarding comfort with cad-cam technologies. those with a higher number of consultations per week, specially those with a monthly expenditure with consumables above brl 1,500 feel more comfortable with the technologies. random sample position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 42 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing from the practices management point of view, in their majority, practices with a business plan, knowledge of work hour and their costs and profit margins, are inclined to be more comfortable and closer to cad-cam technologies. random sample influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way protheses are made in brazil? 43 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists random sample it is interesting to notice how most interviewees stated that new digital technologies will replace traditional prostheses. in the analysis of respondents' profiles, it is noticed that among practices with mostly a and b classes patients, the perception that cad-cam will replace traditional prostheses is higher than in other clusters. influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way prostheses are made in brazil? 44 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists among the clusters of number of consults, prints and monthly expenses, the respondents show themselves to be coherent with the national average as for their perception of the future of cad- cam technology in prostheses. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 45 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing the penetration of cad-cam technologies in demographic clusters, we see between the age clusters a similar penetration, however between the clusters of number of chairs and social class, we perceive a slight penetration of frequently and regularly among practices with more than two chairs and in office where most patients belong to a and b classes. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 46 base: 570 cases total sample in production and service clusters, we perceive small trends very similar to the national average between all clusters, with a slight exception of practices with monthly expenses above brl 1,500, which are inclined to offer cad- cam restorations and prostheses more frequently. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 47 base: 570 cases total sample in the practice management cluster, the trends are also very similar to the national average between all the clusters. the two differentiating parameters are, certainly, the presence of a business plan and the presence of a prosthesis technician in the office. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? 48 base: 239 cases cad-cam users considering that only 42% of the sample offers cad-cam prostheses and that 4.7% of these have a chairside, it is calculated that there is less than 2% of cad-cam in brazil. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? focus on cad-cam users 49 base: 239 cases cad-cam users among the management indicators, we see a relatively higher average penetration of cad-cam equipment installed among practices with a business plan. such phenomenon can be indicative of a correlation between the maturity of management of a practice and the purchase of a cad-cam equipment. random sample brand awareness analysis cad-cam equipment 51 glossary unaided awareness represents the whole set of brands of a given product family that is recalled by the interviewed sample. within the borders of unaided awareness, the consumer decides reasonably to make a purchase. top of mind it is the first brand mentioned by the interviewee, related to a given product family. it is the closest indicator of \"intention to buy\" or of the current use of the products and is strictly linked to the brand's value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of awareness quality and estimates the brand's ability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless their global awareness.", "type": "Document"}}