{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "total_pages": 28, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "this research is not intended to measure the potential market but to evaluate the satisfaction and purchase intention for the sirios scanner, also providing insights on pricing and suggestions for communication. the quantitative survey has been performed on 371 dentists owners/non-owners/prospects of ios randomly selected from fully representative sample of gps from key-stone data bases in france, italy and spain. the interviews were conducted online (cawi) in july 2024, the collected data was processed using excel and spss. based on the objectives and question types, the analyses were carried out using the most modern and appropriate statistical techniques and methodologies. 4 methodology and statistical note glossary the confidence level indicates the reliability of the research. for example, a confidence level of 95% means that the phenomenon identified by the research is certain in 95% of cases. the confidence interval indicates how much the research data may deviate from reality. in the current study, with a 95% confidence level, the maximum error (confidence interval) is +/- 5,1%. the sample (thus the survey) does not represent the overall market but rather the segment of those who intend to purchase an ios device executive summary 5 6 executive summary sample segmentation: implant users implantology is a common practice in most dental clinics, with greater specialization in france. spain has a high proportion of intensive implant users, indicative of a well- developed market. although the sample of potential intraoral scanner buyers is not representative of the entire implantology market, it is useful for evaluating the value proposition of the new scanner compared to the leading brands. sample segmentation: aligners users in france, orthodontics, and specifically aligners, is a niche market due to regulatory factors. this data helps evaluate the use of aligners in italy and spain and is valuable for analyzing related responses. align technology, dentsply sirona, and straumann are key players in the scanner market, with their customers analyzed for differences in purchasing behavior and perception. new prospects profile among potential buyers of intraoral scanners, nearly 40% are potential future owners, 45% are current owners looking to purchase another scanner, and 16% own multiple scanners but plan to acquire more. in spain, there is a higher proportion of non-owners considering a purchase (50%), while in italy, there are more scanner owners among potential buyers. non-owners are also more common among those over 54 years old and in smaller practices. sample segmentation: consumable customers to separately evaluate the results for straumann customers, a statistically significant segment was created by grouping users of straumann, neodent, anthogyr implants, and clearcorrect. the analysis also revealed that customers of dentsply sirona (implants and aligners) and invisalign users are statistically relevant segments. the sample segmentation identified customers of three companies (align technologies, straumann, and dentsply sirona) whose statistical representativeness is sufficient to analyze potential differences in purchasing behavior perception. drivers of choice the most important factors in choosing an intraoral scanner include high reading accuracy, scan resolution, and affordable price. in france, economic accessibility is less of a priority, but product training is highly valued. in spain, affordability and flexible scanning are crucial, while wireless charging is appreciated in both italy and france. compatibility with invisalign: concerns and priorities compatibility with invisalign has emerged as a significant concern in focus groups. among the 15% who consider compatibility with aligners important, two-thirds specifically value compatibility with invisalign, indicating that 60% of those who view \"compatibility with clear aligners\" as important see it as a major issue. this translates to 9% of the overall sample. this concern is less pronounced in france due to a more specialized market, while in italy and spain, where the market is broader, the concern is around 9-10%. among ios owners, 10% consider compatibility with invisalign crucial, compared to 7% of non-owners. 7 executive summary ios: limits and barriers among those who do not own a scanner, 30% cite excessive cost as a major issue. internet connectivity and digital reliability are minor concerns. price sensitivity varies by country: 20% in france view price as a significant barrier, while nearly 50% in spain see it as such. full arch scanning is less problematic in france but more relevant in spain. in spain, team mindset and compatibility with laboratories are also significant concerns, along with some issues related to compatibility with aligner brands. usefulness of ios the perceived usefulness of the scanner is high in all analyzed situations, with particular emphasis on time optimization, clinical effectiveness, and internal planning. in spain, the scanner is considered less useful for time optimization compared to other countries, while in italy it is positively evaluated across all areas.", "type": "Document"}}