{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the items reliable, makes day-by-day easier and innovative and avant- garde are the items with higher impact in overall recommendation. items related with the price have lower global influence over the recommendation. for those who already have a cad-cam equipment (fundamental opinion), the quality-price relationship results to be less important. weight per item on the recommendation score focus on the mean not significant whole sample (255 quotes) weight on the recommendation items score + + ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues how much worth individual items on recommendation? whole sample vs. sirona users 58 whole sample (255 mentions) in the lower right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much lower score than the average. in the upper right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much higher score than the average. pillars of brand image construction positioning drivers 59 factorial analysis aims to synthesize data, summarizing information contained in many variables in some synthetical factors. the purpose is to identify an underlying structure to a set of observed variables and to resume this substructure with a reduced number of main variables. whole sample the reduction of factors allows to individuate the main positioning drivers and to make some considerations: product / service: this factor is characterized by components related to the products performance features and a series of elements related to the service. it should be noticed that \"reliable\" is an ambivalent 2-factors item, since it reflects a meaning that is connected either to product reliability or to brand confidence. brand: includes all items related with brand reputation and its importance in the market, also in the international level. convenient: includes items that express a concept of convenience and good cost-benefit relationship. expensive: contains a single item that rates the brand as very expensive. this factor appears completely isolated of others, as we will see from the multiple regression analysis, its influence over a brand recommendation will prove not to be statistically significant. product / service brand convenient expensive make the daily practice easier 0,844 cutting edge and innovative 0,768 trustworthy 0,526 0,521 customer service oriented 0,522 well renowned brand 0,837 leading company in the segment 0,793 easy procurement 0,874 good value/price ratio 0,735 too expensive 0,968 the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 60 recommendation total 49% 22% product / service convenient 30% brand in general terms, the items related with the \"product / service\" factor are dominant in the determination of recommendation, corresponding almost to half of total. the brand component is the second to be considered in the determination of recommendation, though for a considerable distance. finally, convenient\" represents 22% in the determination of recommendation. the last factor, expensive, emerges in the analysis as not significant: while the convenience, regardless having a lower weight than other factors, is still one of the determinants' for recommendation, i.e., the fact that the brand is expensive does not affect brand recommendation. the regression analysis is a multivaried statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, recommendation) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (recommendation) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall recommendation, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the likelyhood of a brand to be recommended. the figure r2=0.395 means that about 40% of the recommendation is explained and based on these factors: expensive not significant whole sample the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 61 the chart shows how the recommendation is made for the general sample and for the owners of a cad-cam equipment. compared with what was seen in the factorial analysis, where the price was a secondary element in brand awareness, when data is correlated with the inclination to recommend the brand to a colleague, the price comes out of variables considered, and it becomes a non-relevant element for the recommendation.", "type": "Document"}}