{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "20 the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison with the same channels and the different technologies used. please, see the example on the right. base: 323 cases for example, among those sending the impressions outside, 4% of them also have a scanner and 5% of them also have a chairside milling. for example, those sending their restorations to a partner lab in 11% of the cases they also have a scanner and in 7% of the cases they have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers technologies scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 21 base: 1000 cases its interesting to note how the majority of respondents declared the new digital technologies will play an important role but they will not replace the way the traditional restorations are performed. the highest percentage of respondents stating that digital technologies will replace the traditional restorations is in spain and italy, followed by france. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 22 base: 1000 cases in the analysis by respondents profiles, the only relevant difference is between the digital restorations providers and the rest of the sample. the latter ones show the lowest percentage regarding digital technologies that will completely replace the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 23 base: 1000 cases the sample is rather split between those trying to get closer to digital technologies and those feeling uncomfortable with them. the percentage of respondents using it and feeling comfortable with it, still are the minority at 13%. the highest percentages are in italy, spain and uk. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 24 base: 1000 cases its quite normal to find the respondents using a milling center to be perfectly accustomed to digital technologies, while the highest percentage of respondents feeling uncomfortable with them is related to respondents sending out their impression to third parties. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 25 base: 1000 cases about the future role of dentists and technicians in the new digital era, the majority of respondents is convinced that the cooperation will become tighter because of the high expertise of the technicians. the highest percentages are in germany and uk. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 26 base: 1000 cases the same feeling is widespread among the profiles analysed in this slide, where there are no relevant difference about this topic. on the other hand, its quite clear that dentists will need to get more expertise, due to the fact that they will be asked to perform part of the workflow currently performed by the technicians. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 27 base: 1000 cases the major part of the quotes are in the direction of a tighter cooperation between dentists and technicians and between dentists and the industry, due to the increasing need for specific manufactured products that the manufacturers can provide. this stance is rather even among countries, with spain showing a higher feeling about the increase in the cooperation between dentists and the industry. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 28 base: 1000 cases scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? 29 base: 1000 cases the sample is rather split evenly between those feeling the type of restorations will not change, and those thinking that there will be a change. the major differences come from germany and uk, where there are the major part of respondents stating there will be no change. scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? if yes , which way? please, answer with (not related, rather not related, neutral, rather related, totally related) to the following statements. 30 base: 469 cases the changes are mostly related the increased use of aesthetic materials and the increase of fixed prosthetics versus the mobile prosthetics.", "type": "Document"}}