{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "top of mind: it represents the number of times a certain brand was mentioned as the first one by a respondent. due to the reduced number of cases of year 2015, this comparison is meant to be taken as an indication only. 3shape shows a reduced awareness level, but still is the leading brand. dentsply sirona resulted to be less mentioned as well, while 3m moves at the bottom of the ranking. besides, new competitors are growing, such as exocad, zirkonzahn and roland. unaided awareness top of mind overlap index: 1,59 1,31 (588 cases) (39 cases) digital equipment brands: unaided awareness vs. prominence index map thinking about the equipment to produce restorations/prosthesis with digital workflow (such as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.), what brands come to your mind? high quantity of awareness with less immediate association to the product category high quantity of awareness with high immediate association to the product category the map puts into relation the quantitative data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index meaning the brand attitude to be promptly associated to the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above the average unaided awareness and a higher ability to be immediately associated to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment, followed by exocad. other brands like zirkonzahn and ivoclar vivadent show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. 38 unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 39 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 40 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape, which show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. - total awareness digital + relevance + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 41 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand showing the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness. zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona show a higher total awareness value, but less frequently are mentioned in a spontaneous way. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being less known, show higher values of relevance. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 42 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map), like zirzonzahn and 3shape. for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower than average. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 44 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reliability and reputation received the highest scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (666 quotes) mean 4,2 4,2 4,0 4,2 4,0 4,0 3,9 3,9 4,1 3,8 3,5 3,4 2018 2015 brand positioning: overall brands vs. 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape (44 quotes) 3shape overall 45 mean overall brands (666 quotes) brand positioning: overall brands vs. zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn (42 quotes) 46 overall brands (666 quotes) mean zirkonzahn overall brand positioning: overall brands vs. exocad with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. exocad (38 quotes) exocad overall 47 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (30 quotes) dentsply sirona overall 48 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. ivoclar vivadent with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) ivoclar vivadent overall 49 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean 3shape (44 quotes) overall (666 quotes) zirkonzahn (42 quotes) exocad (38 quotes) 50 dentsply sirona (30 quotes) ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) focus on recommendation bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation).", "type": "Document"}}