{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "it is interesting to see that the frequency of sw updates and the company flexibility are key items in the construction of the overall satisfaction. (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference prerequisites key success factors labo customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories factor analysis labo 3 factors performance relationship and support operating costs makes daily practice easier 0,750 wide range of procedures available 0,720 productivity increase 0,699 reliability 0,661 accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,649 handiness / ease of use 0,630 wide range of materials available 0,629 compatibility with other brands 0,512 start-up training 0,752 business development support 0,740 company availability and flexibility 0,732 technical support from the company 0,696 frequency of sw updates from the company 0,606 technical assistance in case of repair 0,594 cost of sw updates 0,813 overall running costs 0,698 overall satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance relationship and support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the product, such as accuracy, handiness, reliability, which reflects into the increased performance of the laboratory, with productivity increase, and an easier life in the daily practice. factor 2 (relationship and support) it is interesting to note that among the most correlated items there are start up training and business support, which are not very closely related to the technical support, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but in certain ways are felt to be important in the relationship with the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 107 labo overall satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. - + satisfaction level 108 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. for each investigated factor, the horizontal bars represent how much the satisfaction performance differs from the overall mean (vertical axis). the significant differences from the mean are marked with a red circle, so that it is possible to focus on the most interesting topics. with this regard, it is worth to note the higher than average performance of amann girrbach regarding the factor relationship and support, while it is significant the below average performance of 3shape and dental wings in the factor operating costs. overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 109 in order to complete the factor analysis, it is important to also assess the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction to understand if an improvement in one of them can also improve the satisfaction of a particular brand. therefore, these factors are used as a basis for a further analysis, called multiple regression analysis that aims to understand how they explain the overall satisfaction. the figure \"r2 = 0,629\" means that more than 60% of the total satisfaction is explained and it is based on the given factors, which is a remarkable result. the overall model shows that the weight of the performance factor is slightly less than 50%, therefore the importance of this factor is relevant. the second factor is the relationship and support, then operating costs shows the lowest weight. it is interesting to look at the following slides, when the same analysis is carried out on the single brands. overall satisfaction (r2=0,629) 45% 22% performance operating costs 33% relationship and support labo overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis labo 110 apart from open technologies, showing a relevant weight for the factor relationship and support, it looks like the regression models of the other investigated brands is predominantly driven by the performance. with this regard, it is worth to underline that no brand showed a weak satisfaction regarding to this factor. customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories other indicators labo other indicators: overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your overall satisfaction. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,1 2015 mean: 7,8 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes labo 112 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to compared to 2015, the intermediate assessments decrease and the percentage of respondents who declare themselves \"very satisfied\" increases considerably, as the average evaluation. the good statistically significance allows, in the case of laboratories, to carry out a further deepening on the main evaluated brands. 2015 mean: 7,0 other indicators: perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) labo mean: 7,5 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes 113 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to compared to 2015, the percentage of those declaring an unsatisfactory quality / price ratio decreases considerably, in favor of the area of medium satisfaction. the incidence of those who declare a high quality / price ratio, on the other hand, does not change significantly. other indicators: repurchase intention score da qui a 5 anni, quanto probabile che lei stia ancora utilizzando le attrezzature cad-cam delle seguenti aziende? (punteggi da 1 sicuramente non li star pi usando a 10 sicuramente li star ancora usando) labo mean: 8,3 2015 mean: 7,3 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes 114 compared to 2015, the risk of non-reuse in the future of the mentioned products remarkably decreases and, at the same time, the intention to repurchase increases. the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores.", "type": "Document"}}