{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "considering rather new and immature markets, its not rare to see the items related to the pricing in general not to be relevant in the recommendation process. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) the items on the upper right side of the map, very close one to each other, will be further investigated on the factor analysis, which allow an in-depth analysis on a reduced number of variables and a more qualitative interpretation. brand positioning: factor analysis 42 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 2 main drivers, nearness vs. reputation. they are very relevant in order to achieve a positioning analysis. this kind of analysis, has a relevant advantage: the here defined set of 2 drivers allows to design a positioning map, explained by the following slide. factor 1 (nearness) it is driven by items like good price quality ratio, affordability, customer service oriented, clearly related to the nearness, whose concept is reinforced by trustworthy, makes daily practice easier and reliable. factor 2 (reputation) it is driven by items clearly related to the reputation, such as worldwide renowned and highly reputable on top of all. too expensive may be part of the reputation as brand with high reputation are often seen as more expensive than the average, but, although the item belongs to this area, its not as strong as shown in the analysis on dental practices. factor analysis its goal is to reduce the information contained in several variables by synthesizing a few factors. it aims to identify a substructure underlying a group of variables, and resume this substructure with a reduced number of latent variables. thanks to the factor analysis, some positioning drivers can be identified, that, as a matter of fact, represent the brand image analysed. two factors nearness reputation good price quality ratio 0,754 affordable 0,738 customer service oriented 0,647 trustworthy 0,598 makes daily practice easier 0,595 reliable 0,581 worldwide renowned 0,793 highly reputable 0,707 leading company 0,698 innovative and at the forefront 0,653 too expensive 0,047 the regression analysis performed on the mentioned factors highlighted an almost equal weight of both factors, with some slight differences as the different brands are considered. brand positioning: positioning map 1 the map is an actual brand positioning one, as it shows how the different brands are seen, with regard to the factors identified, by the respondents. 43 according to the results shown on the map, there are some brands whose image is more related than other to the reputation. this is the case of 3shape, zirkonzahn and ivoclar vivadent, whose position is on the upper side of the map, where the reputation factor is more relevant. the image of bego and kavo is more linked than others to the nearness. it is worth to highlight the position of zirkonzahn as its image seems to be linked to both factors, the reputation and the nearness, while sirona image looks to be not linked to the nearness. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand positioning: positioning map 2 - demographic analysis this map analyses where some different profiles are positioned, if closer to the nearness concept having an influence on the recommendation, or if the driving factor is the reputation. 44 the fact that some different profiles are closer than other (e.g.", "type": "Document"}}