{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the number of dental laboratories the fast track analysis business its quite clear how relevant is the weight of germany in the dental lab market and in this research. please, refer to the next slide for the details of the weighting process. introduction - sample composition 2/2 7 country weighted cases % germany 366 51% france 98 14% italy 139 19% spain 77 11% united kingdom 42 6% total 722 100% the number of interviews conducted in each country were about 150 as shown here on the right (a). the average weight of the surveyed countries regarding 2 parameters: number of dental laboratories and business collected from a panel of major manufacturers in europe for the consumable market (the fast track analysis europe) is shown at (b). the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the parameters considered (number of laboratories and fast track business) are a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the parameters indicated for that country, out of the total (number of laboratories and fast track business) evaluated countries. in this case, since the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameters considered, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameters used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). (a) (b) (c) country laboratories fast track % (avg) germany 18.300 51% 51% france 3.800 17% 14% italy 7.680 17% 19% spain 4.200 10% 11% united kingdom 2.100 6% 6% total 36.080 100% 100% country cases % germany 150 21% france 148 20% italy 152 21% spain 152 21% united kingdom 120 17% total 722 100% introduction - breakdown by socio demographic clusters 8 base: 722 cases mean: 47 81,3 scenario note the scenario analysis will be carried out considering the overall sample and some clusters. country: the data are split by each investigated country. digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: in-lab milling (respondents stating to use an in-lab milling unit at their lab); scanner (respondents stating to use a scanner to send scan files outside for milling); full outsourcing (respondents stating to send outside models for milling). - channel: manufacturer (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 10 base: 722 cases more than half of the sample provide digital restorations. the highest percentage is in spain, while, as it happens among dental practices, the lowest penetration of the digital technologies is in uk. scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 11 base: 722 cases its interesting to note that although uk is the country showing the lowest penetration of the digital restorations, among the users, it shows among the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 12 base: 722 cases the approach of the laboratories is not very different from that of dental practices, as the majority of the respondents state to believe the digital prosthetics will have a relevant role but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future, too. in specific regard to this statement, the percentage (70%) is higher than dental practices (54%). interesting the position of uk, different from the other countries, where a more relevant part of respondents believe that digital technologies will not have a relevant role. clearly the german market, given its weight, influences the overall results, but its interesting to note how the most mature market regarding digital technologies, the german one, believes the new technologies will have a relevant role, nevertheless, the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future anyway. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 13 base: 722 cases there is no difference between digital technologies users and traditional prosthetics providers, while its interesting to note the high percentage, among full outsourcing users, and among partner lab users, regarding the statement that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 14 base: 722 cases there is a relevant difference between dentists and technicians, as the former mostly think that its necessary to get closer to digital technologies because they are the future, while the latter clearly state to be comfortable in using it. much lower the percentage of those feeling uncomfortable with digital technologies. germany stands out with its positive stance versus the digital technologies. the majority of french respondents is getting closer to the digital technologies, typical of the development phase of a new market. it looks like an area of resistance is present, made up of those using the digital technologies because they need, but feeling uncomfortable about that. it is the minority, but it must be added to the more relevant share of those clearly feeling uncomfortable with digital technologies. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 15 base: 722 cases among laboratories is more evident the difference in the stance versus digital technologies, between those using it already and the rest of the sample, not providing digital technologies at all. the difference is more evident when considering the comparison between full outsourcing users and other digital restorations providers. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 16 base: 722 cases in overall, the majority of respondents think that - as it happens among dentists - that the cooperation will get tighter, due to the expertise of the technicians. slightly higher than the sample of dental practices is the percentage of respondents stating there will not be any change at all: the higher one is from spain, italy and france. again, the stance of german respondents is quite different from the other countries, where a higher share of respondents believe that the dentists will need to get more expert about prosthetics. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 17 base: 722 cases interestingly, the highest percentage of statements about the fact that the dentists will replace part of the technicians activity, come from those not involved in digital prosthetics and, among those providing digital restorations, from those doing this in full outsourcing. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 18 base: 722 cases just like it happened with the dentists sample, the majority of respondents think that most of all the relationship with the industry will become tighter, due to the increased demand for case specific products and services. this is mostly true for germany and spain. uk is different from the other countries, as the most quoted answer is the relationship between dentists and technicians will become tighter. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 19 base: 722 cases there is no relevant difference in the answers of the different profiles, safe for full outsourcing providers, whose feeling about an increased cooperation between dentists and technicians is higher. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? 20 base: 722 cases a provider will clearly need to give support to the users of the digital technology, in terms of training and information, and convenience. about 7% of respondents look for improved performances and another small portion of respondents quoted customer service which is again related to the support that should be provided by the manufacturers. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? 21 training and information is the most quoted answer in uk and spain, while convenience is the first one in all other countries. total de fr it convenience 43% convenience 49% convenience 33% convenience 34% training and information 28% training and information 27% not interested 26% not interested 26% not interested 24% not interested 26% improve performances 19% training and information 25% improve performances 7% innovation 2% training and information 14% improve performances 11% innovation 3% improve performances 1% innovation 6% innovation 3% customer service 2% customer service 1% customer service 5% customer service 3% other 2% other 2% other 5% other 1% don't know 13% don't know 0% don't know 29% don't know 35% total 722 total 366 total 98 total 139 total sp uk convenience 43% training and information 38% training and information 48% training and information 28% convenience 35% convenience 39% not interested 24% not interested 16% improve performances 25% improve performances 7% improve performances 5% not interested 1% innovation 3% innovation 1% innovation 9% customer service 2% customer service 1% customer service 0% other 2% other 5% other 0% don't know 13% don't know 14% don't know 10% total 722 total 77 total 42 scenario: 3d printing awareness are you aware of the 3d printing technology? are you aware of the availability of 3d printing technology in dentistry as well?", "type": "Document"}}