{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "66 base: 308 cases not interested the price is the most important parameter of resistance for the purchase of an equipment. -the price problem is strongly felt in so paulo (62%) with the increase of age, the issue of price loses importance (35% for those who are more than 50 years old). -when a dentist already uses frequently the technology (through a laboratory) and feels comfortable with it, having no intention to invest in the future, it is almost exclusively because of the cost. -when we see resistance to the purchase between potential profiles (many prostheses, many implants, larger revenue, etc.), the reason, most times, is high price, not low demand. *this first analysis should be understood in qualitative terms, specially, we will afterwards investigate the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: probably/certainly yes why probably/certainly yes? 67 base: 190 cases potentially interested among the main factors indicated as a reason for a potential purchase, are justified related factors the improvement of quality and final result, followed by innovation. *this issue should be understood mostly in quality terms, we will afterwards see the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: intra-oral scanner or cad-cam milling unit do you think about buying only the scanner or also the mill? 68 base: 190 cases potentially interested among those who think about futurely investing in cad-cam technology, half of them thinks about buying a chairside. random sample buying intention: intraoral scanner which intraoral scanner brands you should evaluate to buy? 69 base: 185 cases potentially interested regardless the high number of respondents that claim not to know which brand to evaluate for a possible purchase, among the brands mentioned to be evaluated for a possible buy of intraoral scanner sirona is predominant. it is interesting to notice that in 4% of cases, the name cerec came out spontaneously. random sample buying intention: cad-cam chairside milling unit which cad-cam milling units brands you should evaluate to buy? 70 base: 90 cases potentially interested for chairside the percentage of does not know is even higher, getting to 82%. the 16% of respondents are interested in evaluating sirona and cerec, again considering 3% of the cases where cerec was mentioned. random sample demand of other services what should the supplier (manufacturer) of cad-cam (intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit) technologies offer to improve or enhance the way how you make restorations and prostheses in your practice? 71 base: 570 cases total sample a manufacturer will have to clearly support the users of digital technology, in terms of training and information, being one of the factors that dentists expect from a cad- cam manufacturer. the training factor (transversal in all segments) is followed by financial factors, such as better financing purchases and facilitation of shared purchase. in this case, the financial factors weigh as less important for the older dentists, and weigh for larger and more performing practices. random sample some conclusions 72 the world of users, in this moment, is concentrated in an elite, but it is foreseen an increase of target clients, even if with a low profile in terms of status. the reasons for purchase were made in a spontaneous and guided manner, and there are four main reason for the purchase: productivity quality of the result independence of the laboratory innovation the main reasons for purchases in the guided inquiry highlight three important drivers: orientation to the future added value to the own value independence these different drivers are relative to different kinds of clients, particularly, those more oriented to the economic management and less interested with independence and added value. those oriented to independence and to the future present a less rational profile. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong with the pioneers in the use of cad-cam technology; satisfaction is strongly conditioned to the initial formation and after sales service. some conclusions 73 the aspects of costs are relevant in the pre-sale, but they do not show to be relevant after the equipment purchase and possible repurchase almost 50% of the sample feels uncomfortable and away from the cad-cam world, specially those who have patients of middle/low classes and with low volume of procedures. regardless the 50% that claim to be away from technology, only 11% claim that technology will not play an important role in the future. less than 2% of the practices in brazil have a chairside unit only about 3% of practices have an intraoral scanner. sirona is spontaneously the most known brand in the cad-cam world, but more than 80% of the sample cannot mention spontaneously a cad-cam manufacturer brand; almost half dentists claim not to know that sirona is a cad-cam manufacturer; sirona brand image in the cad-cam world is much superior between users in terms of those who know it but do not use it. it means that in the market of non-users, sirona has an image position not above the competition. in the process of recommendation to the colleagues, for cad-cam users, aspects regarding the service and proximity the client, which still seem to be in need, are much relevant; in the recommendation process, economical aspects have no weight for those who already are users. about 5% of the dentists interviewed claimed to be willing to invest in cad-cam technology in the next two years, as can be seen in the next slide. buying intention: summary 74 the world of current owners of cad-cam technology is, without question, made up of \"pioneers\" who clearly have a much higher production level of its media.", "type": "Document"}}