{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "among the weakest ones, can be mentioned start-up training, technical support and technical assistance in case of repair. all of them belongs to the service area. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis dental wings 83 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) dental wings map shows several interesting situations. the items being close to critical area are several and none is related to a technical feature of the equipment: all of them are related to services provided by the company. the wide range of materials available received satisfactory ratings but they dont seem to affect the overall satisfaction relevantly. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis 3m 84 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) like already seen for 3shape, the map for 3m doesnt show a specific issue in the lower-right side of the map. close to this area there are the technical assistance in case of repair and the technical support from the company. some of the items have been removed due to the fact that they are not relevant in 3m correlation analysis. customer satisfaction: factor analysis 85 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 4 main drivers, product quality, support and assistance, management costs, compatibility. factor 1 (product quality) it is related to the intrinsic qualities of the product. differently from what seen in the analysis carried out on dental practices, the first factor clearly is related to the performance of the product. not only in terms of accuracy and reliability, but also handiness and wide range of materials available. start-up training is considered to be a topic necessary to the use of the product, not properly related to the service a company can provide, but most of all its necessary to the same use of the product. factor 2 (support and assistance) the second factor shows all soft components related to the grade of availability and support the company can provide to their customers in the use of the digital technologies. the strongest items of this factor are the technical support and the business development support. its interesting to note that what was not relevant to the assessment of the overall satisfaction in the analysis on dental practices, for the laboratories, the business development support becomes relevant and it is among the driving items of the second factor. factor 3 (management costs) the new digital technologies have to be considered a business of the dental laboratories, like it was for dental practices, so that the management costs are also important to make this business profitable for the dental labs. in this sense, the running costs and the cost for sw updates make a separate factor accounting for the overall satisfaction. this factor has not to be confused with the cost for acquiring a digital equipment, but clearly, the ordinary costs, sustained every year to run the digital business, do have their own importance. factor 4 (compatibility) the fourth and last factor is strictly related to the compatibility with other systems, which allows for a easy way to expand the business and meet the needs from the clients (dentists and other laboratories). an open systems surely helps the users to be more flexible and ready to face the different situations that digital restorations shows. 4 factors product quality support and assistance management costs compatibility accuracy and quality of the restorations 0,807 reliability 0,733 handiness / ease of use 0,730 wide range of materials available 0,607 start-up training 0,552 technical support from the company 0,734 business development support 0,709 company availability and flexibility 0,679 technical assistance in case of repair 0,668 frequency of sw updates 0,601 cost of sw updates 0,811 overall running costs 0,752 compatibility with other brands 0,806 customer satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from the mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. 86 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. as shown in the chart on the right some brands seem to perform better in the satisfaction of some items in comparison to other ones, as happens for amann girrbach and zirkonzahn. other brands seem to perform below average in some of the considered factors. - + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 87 what seen in the factor analysis takes here an assessment with regard to the importance that the multiple regression analysis highlights the single factors may have in determining the overall satisfaction. like it happened with the regression analysis on dental practices, the value of r2 is really high (0,777), so that a large portion of satisfaction can be explained by the items contained in the factors here shown. unlike what seen in the report for dental practices, there is no clear prevalence of one factor over the other ones. in this case, the items showing the highest weights on the satisfaction are two: product quality and support and assistance. it will be interesting to see if the same weight on the overall satisfaction is shown in the analysis performed on the single brands. the other factors are the same of the analysis performed on dental practices. management costs and compatibility again shows almost the same weight (18% the former, 17% the latter). (r2=0,777) overall satisfaction 32% 18% product quality management costs 33% support and assistance compatibility 17% customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 88 while 3shape breakdown of the weights of the different factors looks to be on par with the overall situation (only a lower weight for the compatibility), other companies show a different breakdown. this is the case of amann girrbach, where the product quality and the management costs show a higher than average weights. zirkonzahn and 3m show a very high weight of product quality, while then overall satisfaction of sirona, dentsply and dental wings look to be mostly affected by the factor support and assistance. multiple regression analysis the regression analysis is a multi-variate statistical technique whose main aim is to find out the existing relationship between a target variable (dependent variable, in our case, the overall satisfaction) and a group of independent variables (each single factor derived from the factor analysis). one of the main focus of the multiple regression is to assess how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by the independent variables (corner stone factors of the satisfaction which have been previously indicated: product quality, support and assistance, management costs, compatibility), i.e.", "type": "Document"}}