{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "please give me a score from 1 to 10, where 1 stands for strongly disagree and 10 stands for totally agree. 51 base: 105 cases owners owners sample mean following the unaided answers, some items have been investigated, which allowed the selection of true purchasing drivers. also in this case, the emotional approach of the orientation to the future prevails . it is a typical attitude of the pioneers belonging to a newly born product segment. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment factor analysis 52 owners sample the factor analysis identified 4 latent factors for the reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment. better performance: represents the performance improvement seen as economic benefits and increased productivity. image and innovation: this factor summarizes the feeling that owning a cad-cam equipment improves the image of the clinic to the eyes of the patients. patient care: owning a cad-cam technology allows to treat the patients in less time than traditional methods, improving their comfort. independence from the lab: a cad-cam allows the practice to be independent from the lab. base: 105 cases owners the factor analysis is a multi- variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. better performance image and innovation patient care independence from the lab the acquisition of a cad-cam will reduce the working time 0,79 the acquisition of a cad-cam will bring me economical/financial savings 0,64 it will improve the quality of my work 0,75 its a technology required to meet the future challenges 0,66 it will improve the image of my clinic 0,76 it is important to make use of more innovative materials 0,77 my patients demand for this type of technology 0,78 it is important to offer my patients the restoration/prosthesis in one visit/day 0,73 i would like to depend less upon the prosthetic lab 0,94 reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment demographic and structural stratification 53 owners sample owners sample age: basically the elders resulted to be less sensitive to the performance improvement. size structure: the smallest practices seem to be more influenced by the improvement of the reputation of the practice. value of purchases in materials: the segment with a lower than average expenditure are more sensitive to the image and also to the increased independence from the lab. implantology: this is the segmentation showing the biggest differences in the purchasing behaviour. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment stratification type of practice management 54 owners sample owners sample strategic plan those having a strategic business plan resulted to be more interested in the performance and far less to the independence from the lab. the other 2 drivers did not show statistically relevant differences. type of technology the kind of technology used shows a different mapping: to the only scanner users, the image and innovation perspective prevail, while the chairside milling users seem to be motivated by the independence from the lab and a higher attention to the patient care. other significant aspects those having purchased the equipment in an emotional way is strongly influenced by the image and not interested at all to the independence from the lab. the cad-cam frequent users are more oriented to the performance and the image. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam intraoral scanner benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the intraoral scanner? 56 base: 45 cases scanner owners the most quoted advantage, with more than 50% of the quotes, is the reduction of working times, related to the improvement of the productivity and the performance. the second most quoted advantage is the high precision of the digital impression, which is related to the aspects of precision and quality of the performance. random sample chairside milling unit benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the chairside milling unit? 57 base: 17 cases chairside milling owners the main quoted benefit is the reduction of working times, linked to the aspects of the surgery performance. the second quoted advantage is the possibility to make indirect restorations in one single visit. considering that the third quoted advantage (depend less upon the lab), is partially linked to the surgery performance, the main advantage in the use of the chairside milling are related to the increase of the productivity and the performance. random sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis evaluate the overall experience with a brand and how much the customer needs are met.", "type": "Document"}}