{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 74, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone Srl", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "11 if yes, how many? mean: 1,5 dental technicians (vs. 2,0 in 2015) if not, how many laboratories do you cooperate with? mean: 2,5 external laboratories (vs. 2,4 in 2015) base: 282 cases (whole sample) 22 cases with respect to year 2015, the percentage of dentists working with dental technicians in the surgery has increased (3% of surgeries stating to have at least one technician in 2015). indirect restorations provider 185 cases number of indirect restorations per week how many indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) does your practice produce on average in a week (including those made with digital flow, internally or in outsourcing)? 12 mean: 5,9 indirect restorations per week average number of indirect restorations 1 dental unit (3,9) 3 or more dental units (8,1) 1 practicing dentist (3,7) 3 or more practicing dentists (7,3) up to 50 patients per week (4,8) 50+ patients per week (7,3) base: 282 cases (whole sample) 66% of surgeries produce indirect restorations. on average 5,9 indirect restorations per week are produced. scenario analysis digital prosthesis provider 2015: 201 cases scenario: use of digital technologies in practices do you provide your patients with indirect restorations produced with digital technologies (also in full outsourcing)? 14 digital prosthesis provider digital prosthesis providers age of the owner <= 45 (51%) 3 or more dental units (56%) up to 50 patients per week (37%) 50+ patients per week (52%) percentage of surgeries the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 282 cases (whole sample) there is no significant change in comparison to year scenario: indirect restorations production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. percentage of indirect restorations overall production share 2018 % indirect restorations 5,9 100,0% traditional techniques 3,7 62,8% digital workflow 2,2 37,2% total (indirect restorations providers) 185 15 according to dentists, over 50% of the overall production is produced with traditional techniques. these figures differ from what dental technicians declared in the survey targeting dental laboratories, where the overall production share is made of 58% of elements performed with digital workflow and 42% with traditional techniques. this difference could be explained by the fact that dentists do not know how the external laboratory handles the requested works. scenario: indirect restorations production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. percentage of indirect restorations overall production share 2018 % indirect restorations 5,9 100,0% traditional techniques 3,7 62,8% digital workflow 2,2 37,2% total (indirect restorations providers) 185 16 the digital production is higher among digital technologies owners, especially those equipped with a chairside milling unit. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 17 2015: 201 cases the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. the perception about the evolution of the role of digital technologies is not changed in comparison to year by deepening the analysis by segments, a significant difference emerges, between digital technologies users and providers of traditional prosthetics. besides this, its interesting to note the high percentage for the statement digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics among the owners of digital equipment. base: 282 cases (whole sample) scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 18 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 2015: 201 cases the situation is quite similar to the past edition, with the exception of a slight decrease in users of digital technologies who also feel comfortable. the most relevant differences in the stance versus the digital technologies can be observed between digital prosthesis providers and non providers, also, those using either a scanner or a milling unit stated not to feel uncomfortable versus the digital technologies. base: 282 cases (whole sample) scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 19 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 2015: 201 cases the perception about the evolution of the role of dentists and technicians is changed in comparison to year its interesting to note a higher percentage of quotes related to the need for a tighter cooperation between dentists and technicians, and this statement is true especially for the respondents providing digital prostheses already. moreover, among digital technologies owners and scans users, there is a higher incidence of the statement the dentists will need to get more expertise. base: 282 cases (whole sample) mean 2018 2015 scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? 20 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items. the clustering is the following: not related: the scores grouped in this cluster are not related, rather not related. neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are neutral, rather related. fully related is shown without any grouping. 2015: 201 cases 2,8 2,8 2,5 2,4 base: 282 cases (whole sample) 158 cases change in the way restorations are performed change in the way restorations are performed the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to year 2015, although the percentage of yes slightly decreases, all the different topics got a higher evaluation. when considering the difference versus the overall mean, its interesting to note that a higher gap is for the item materials used, while the positive gap of the item more fixed instead of removable restorations still is unchanged. -3% 5% scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 21 base: 282 cases (whole sample) its interesting to evaluate the different perception among digital technologies users / non users, when considering the most required features from a digital technology provider. the digital technologies users mostly quoted a more convenient price and the need for training and information. on another hand, the non users are rather split between those being not interested and those asking for more training and information, much more than a convenient price. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 22 processing without don't know (235 cases) (150 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to 2015, training and information shows a relevant increase: those items are felt to be more and more important and functional to an effective approach to the digital technologies. a convenient price still is important but to a lesser extent. the percentage of respondents who are not interested in this topic also increased. technologies for production of prosthesis with digital workflow in the practice digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? 24 intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions chairside milling unit the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. (282 cases) (201 cases) (282 cases) (201 cases) the penetration of users for both intraoral scanners and chairside milling units is quite stable, as a slight increase can be noted for the intra oral scanners only. digital technologies: equipment numeric distribution - ranking 25 base: 23 cases (intra-oral scanner owners) base: 23 cases (digital technologies owners) intra-oral scanners to take digital impressions chairside milling units only base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) chairside milling units including scanners due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. what is the brand of your scanners/chairside milling units? overall digital technologies: cad-cam consumable materials - ranking what are the brands of the cad-cam consumable materials that you use with your chairside milling, at your practice? chairside milling unit owners 26 base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. digital workflow in the practices digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 28 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the following chart shows the penetration of the different channels calculated on the whole sample. the partner-lab is the most used channel, with a 41% of users. 5% of providers of digital restorations do have a chairside milling. also, its worth to note the increase in the use of the manufacturer /milling center (16% vs 12% in 2015). since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. (282 cases) (201 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample (282 cases) (201 cases) digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 29 the following chart shows the penetration of the different technologies calculated on the whole sample. among digital technology users, the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send impressions in full outsourcing to partner-labs or manufacturers / milling centers, with a 41% of users, but a slight increase in the use of the scans can be noted (6% vs 4% in 2015). base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample digital technology use - channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 30 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison to the same technologies and the different channels used.", "type": "Document"}}