{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the map shows that almost all most relevant items are placed in the critical area. given a rather low number of cases, it is recommended to consider the results as a qualitative indication. digital technology penetration digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? technologies base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) 66 percentage of laboratories among digital technology users, the most used technology is scanner and the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send scans to a manufacturer or milling center. 63% is the percent of scanner owners, out of the total digital restorations providers, who use the scanner to send the files outside for milling. in comparison to year 2015, scanner owners increased remarkably, along with milling center owners. on the other hand, the percentage of full outsourcing providers showed a relevant decrease. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following supply channels? channels 67 base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) the manufacturer/milling center is the most used channel, with a 70% of users. percentage of laboratories in comparison to year 2015, there have been a relevant decrease of laboratories being supplied by partner labs, while the use of the manufacturer channel increased remarkably. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 68 percentage of laboratories base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those using a scanner, 35% of them also have an in-houose milling and 25% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their models or scans to a partner lab, 69% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 29% of them also have an in-house milling. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 69 base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those performing full outsourcing, 75% of them send the models to a manufacturer and 68% of them send the models to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or models to a partner lab in 29% of the cases they also have an in-house milling and in 64% of the cases they also send the scans or models to a manufacturer/milling center. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. percentage of laboratories brands numeric distribution and intention to buy digital technologies and cad-cam frame materials scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? total scanners (330 cases) scans sent outside (242 cases) the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies have certainly increased their presence among the spanish dental labs, and dentsply sirona improved its position too. 71 in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 139 cases (milling units owners) 72 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, vhf and amann girrbach have increased their performance over the last years. manufacturer milling centers: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 205 cases (manufacturer users) 73 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as ideas medical solution, while sineldent confirms its leading position among the centralized milling centers in spain. cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 84 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 74 processing without dont know / no answer the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. technology intention to buy are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year? 75 18% of those not performing fixed prosthetics using digital technologies plan to start within a year. this percentage increases among laboratories with three or more technicians (31%) and among those declaring a positive perception with respect to the future of their business (27%). if, on one hand, the intention to buy have increased remarkably in recent years - in 2012 only 7% of those not providing digitally produced prosthesis declared they would have done - with the wide spreading of the digital technology, still there seem to be a hard socket of those somehow adverse to it, as the very slight change from 2015 (16%) to 2018 (18%) demonstrates. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 159 cases (not providing digital restorations) 2015: 25 cases intention to buy intention to buy technology intention to buy: why not are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year?", "type": "Document"}}