{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "sample segmentation 6 scenario 9 3.1 use of digital technologies and production share 10 3.2 stance and opinions about digital technologies in dentistry 20 4. 3d printing 26 brand awareness and positioning 33 5.1 awareness analysis 34 5.2 evaluation scores on positioning items 48 5.3 factor analysis 58 digital technology penetration 60 6.1 digital technologies owners and intention to buy (dental practices) 61 6.2 breakdown by technology and channel (dental practices) 71 6.3 brands numeric distribution (dental practices) 76 6.4 digital technologies owners and intention to buy (dental laboratories) 79 6.5 breakdown by technology and channel (dental laboratories) 83 6.6 brands numeric distribution (dental laboratories) 88 customer experience 93 7.1 customer experience and loyalty metrics in dental practices 95 7.2 customer experience and loyalty metrics in dental laboratories 100 7.3 factor analysis (dental laboratories) 106 7.4 other indicators 111 prosthesis production with digital workflow 116 8.1 quantitative aspects 117 8.2 focus on production technologies 122 8.3 materials in blocks and materials in discs 127 focus on the main brands 131 9.1 brand awareness and positioning 132 9.2 customer experience analysis 160 2 3 introduction 3 the number of interviews performed for this research is 600 dental laboratories and 281 dental practices; both samples are fully representative of the reference universe in the investigated country. the omnivision digital italy 2018 is a multi-client descriptive research, analyzing the performances in italy of the main international manufacturers as regards the new digital technologies, such as intraoral scanners, chairside milling, table top scanners, in lab milling and 3d printing. the number of interviews performed for the research is 600 dental laboratories and 281 dental practices; in order to accurately represent the market, the cases have been properly weighted to be fully representative of the population of the italian dental laboratories and practices. with a confidence level of 95% the maximum error (confidence interval) is +/- 3,8%. the data was processed using excel, spss, statistica. due to the objectives of knowledge and the types of questions, the data was processed: contingency tables significance test glossary the confidence level indicates the reliability level of the research. for example, a confidence level equal to 95% means that the phenomenon pointed out by the research is correct for the 95% of the cases. the confidence interval indicates how much the research data diverge from reality. as the sample results, even if representative, cannot be perfectly correspondent to those obtainable interviewing the entire population, each research has an approximation degree which represents the maximum error of the research. for example, a confidence interval of 3% indicates that if the research phenomenon is equal to 60%, the result can change, in comparison with reality, of an extra 3% or a minus 3% and in this way it is included between 63% (60%+3%) and 57% (60%-3%). 4 introduction - statistical note introduction dental practice milling center does not provide prosthesis with digital workflow to patients (or doesnt know) provides prosthesis with digital workflow to patients impressions in-house scans impressions dental laboratory does not provide prosthesis with digital workflow to dental practices provides prosthesis with digital workflow to dental practices impressions in-house scans impressions work supply work request the research focuses on the flows, the channels and the technologies used in the cad-cam world. 5 sample segmentation mean: 53 years old 1995 2,3 dental units 2,1 dentists sample segmentation demographic and structural clusters base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic 7 mean: 53 years old 1992 2,3 dental technicians 6,0 served practices sample segmentation demographic and structural clusters base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 8 in comparison with the past surveys carried out in italy on the dental labs, it is possible to notice a slightly bigger size, which may affect the overall production. further analysis over the next years will tell if this issue relates to a possible structural re-organization of the dental labs in italy (possible market concentration) scenario the report presents alternatively the results of the dental practices sample (clinic) and laboratories sample (labo) scenario use of digital technologies and production share number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? 11 if yes, how many? if not, how many laboratories do you cooperate with? mean: 1,2 dental technicians mean: 2,2 external laboratories (vs. 2,0 in 2015) base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic 22 cases 22 cases there is no significant change in comparison to year 2015 (9% of surgeries stating to have at least one technician). use of digital technologies in practices do you provide your patients with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies (also in full outsourcing)? 12 percentage of dental practices the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital prosthesis providers age of the owner <= 45 (76%) age of the owner > 55 (50%) 1 dental unit (49%) 3 or more dental units (79%) up to 50 patients per week (57%) 50+ patients per week (86%) in italy, the comparison with the 2015 results highlights a relevant change in the use of the digital workflow: while in 2018 the percentage of digital prosthesis providers is 64%, in 2015 this percentage was much lower at 35%. according to this result, in order to produce a simple and straightforward comparison analysis, the charts of the technology penetration breakdown will take into account the whole sample. prosthesis on implants produced with digital workflow considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced with digital workflow (also full outsourcing), what percentage is produced for prosthesis on implants? 13 base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) prosthesis on implants with digital workflow clinic digital production share 2018 % elements produced with digital workflow 3,1 100,0% elements for prosthesis on implants 1,5 47,7% elements for traditional prosthesis 1,6 52,3% total (digital prosthesis providers) 179 almost half of the interviewed dentists who provide their patients with digital prosthesis, realize part of this prosthesis on implants. overall, considering all the elements produced with digital workflow, 48% is for prosthesis on implants. this figure decreases slightly among the scanner owners and users. digital production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. 14 percentage of indirect restorations clinic overall production share 2018 % indirect restorations 4,7 100,0% traditional techniques 2,7 57,8% digital workflow 2,0 42,2% total (indirect restorations providers) 277 according to dentists, over a half of the overall production is produced with traditional techniques. digital production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. 15 clinic segmentation by used technology the digital production is higher among the owners of a digital equipment, especially those with a chairside milling unit. these figures differ from what dental technicians declared in the survey targeting dental laboratories, where the overall production share is made of 56% of elements performed with digital workflow and 44% with traditional techniques. this difference could be explained by the fact that dentists do not know how the external laboratory handles the requested works. percentage of indirect restorations use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with fixed prosthetics elements produced with digital technologies (also in full outsourcing)? base: 600 cases (whole sample) percentage of laboratories the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. labo 16 cad-cam users 1 technician (51%) 3 or more technicians (90%) up to 4 served practices (57%) 5 or more served practices (83%) 70% of the respondents declare to use the digital workflow. the penetration is higher among bigger sized labs and those serving a higher number of practices. the trend analysis show an ever growing trend in the use of this technology. fixed prosthesis production share considering all the ceramics elements for fixed prosthesis produced in your laboratory, please tell us the percentage of them produced with the following framework materials and techniques. percentage of elements production share by framework material production share by technique labo with the development of digital technologies, the weight of indirect metalceramics restorations has not drastically reduced, contrary to what is happening in other countries where all ceramics has a greater share. anyway, over a half of the ceramics elements are produced with digital techniques. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 17 fixed prosthesis production share considering all the ceramics elements for fixed prosthesis produced in your laboratory, please tell us the percentage of them produced with the following framework materials. framework materials labo percentage of elements the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 18 the deepening by type of material highlights a structural change that led to the reduction of traditional techniques, casted metal precious/non-precious alloys frames in particular, in favor of digital ones, with a high increase in aesthetic cad-cam frames. cad-cam elements for prosthesis on implants considering all elements produced with digital workflow (also full outsourcing), what percentage is produced for prosthesis on implants? labo percentage of elements 92% of the interviewed laboratories (which produce prostheses with digital workflow) perform prosthesis on implants. 83% of cad-cam elements are produced for prosthesis on implants, the remaining 17% for traditional prosthesis. percentage of laboratories prosthesis on implants cad-cam production share 2018 % elements produced with cad-cam 10,3 100,0% elements for prosthesis on implants 8,5 82,6% elements for traditional prosthesis 1,8 17,4% total (providers of cad-cam elements) 417 19 scenario stance and opinions about digital technologies in dentistry change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? if yes, which way? 21 clinic change in the way restorations are performed two predicted changes are more correlated with the arrival of the digital prosthesis: evolution of the materials or differentiation increase in the weight of the fixed prosthesis vs the removable one role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? dental practices laboratories clinic + labo the belief that digital technologies can totally replace analog ones is 73% for those who already supply digital prosthesis, compared to 44% of those who are still reluctant. for laboratories, the awareness of the total replacement of the traditional prosthesis with the digital one is much more widespread: 68% of those who already provide it and 56% of those who dont. 22 role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 23 dental practices laboratories the feeling that dentists could over time acquire technician skills is widespread and transversal for 40% of the sample, however, it reduces to 25% for technicians who have a high level of technological equipment. clinic + labo more than a half of dentists are optimistic about improving the relationship with technicians, although around 30% believe that some processes (or phases) may overlap. this is especially true for chairside owners (46%), however, it drastically reduces among those who already send scans to the laboratory (8%). stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 24 dental practices laboratories clinic + labo in the dental pratices that still dont provide digital prosthesis, the feeling of discomfort and attitudinal distance rises to 52%. the problem is even more noticeable in the laboratories that still dont provide digital works, even in outsourcing, with a feeling of unease that rises to 65%. the situation is completely different for those who already use the technologies which, unlike dentists, seem to be more at ease. required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? 25 dental practices laboratories clinic + labo 3d printing the report presents alternatively the results of the dental practices sample (clinic) and laboratories sample (labo) main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? 27 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic trend analysis % of agree y.", "type": "Document"}}