{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "2015 80% 84% 67% 60% 50% 54% mean by analysing the percentage of quotes of the positive scores (partially and fully agree) it is clear that two out of three are the most relevant items, explaining that the respondents expect an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, and a wider range of materials available. main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 28 according to the opinion of the respondents the main consequence brought by 3d printing is related to the wider range of materials available. this is by far the most quoted one with 76% of agree. mean the kind of materials and procedures produced digitally will broaden the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow will increase the costs of the restorations will decrease because of the lower price of the materials used compared to the cad-cam blocks trend analysis % of agree y. 2018 y. 2015 76% 88% 51% 73% 48% 45% 3d printing awareness and use which statement regarding 3d printing in dentistry applies to you? 29 base: 281 cases (whole sample) despite the several practices providing customized devices produced with 3d printers (as showed in the following slide), only 1% declare to own a 3d printer in the surgery. rather new but rapidly increasing, 3d printing looks to be well known as to be a digital technology available for dentistry as well: only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it (2%). 3d printing seems to be more widely used among younger dentists and big sized practices. also in laboratories, only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it. 3d printing seems to be more widely used among big sized labs (12%). base: 600 cases (whole sample) dental practices laboratories clinic + labo use of 3d printer to produce customized devices do you provide your patients with customized devices performed with 3d printing technologies, also in outsourcing? 30 base: 281 cases (whole sample) percentage of dental practices the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 2015 clinic 3d printer users 3d printer users 3d printer users (also in outsourcing) age of the owner <= 45 (39%) age of the owner > 55 (13%) opening year before 1999 (17%) opening year 1999-2018 (41%) 3 or more dental units (40%) 50+ patients per week (41%) digital prosthesis providers (40%) digital technologies owners (53%) n/a n/a most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? 31 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. clinic the comparison with 2015 results shows a relevant increase in surgical guides for implant dentistry, orthodontics and impression trays. besides, definitive crowns & bridges, fixed substructures and mobile dentures decreased. in the previous edition, models and splints were not in the list of investigated items. 3d printing unit: numeric distribution what is the brand of your 3d printing unit? base: 33 cases (3d printing users) labo 32 the numeric distribution related to the use of 3d printers show a relevant share for the brand formlabs, which is the leader by a wide margin. a few other brands follow, among them, it is worth to mention dws and bego. brand awareness and positioning brand awareness and positioning awareness analysis brand awareness analysis glossary unaided awareness it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. aided awareness and total awareness the aided awareness represents the awareness level of the brands named by the interviewer. the total awareness is made up of the unaided awareness and by the aided one. the aided awareness shows how many respondents identify the brand once it is quoted, it is an important index in the buying process but, if it is not sustained by a high level of unaided awareness, the company needs more efforts to reach a better commercial effectiveness. top of mind it is the first brand, named by the interviewee, related to a certain product family. it is the closest indicator to the intention to buy or to the current use of the products and it is strictly linked to the brand value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of knowledge quality and it estimates the brand capability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless its overall awareness. relevance index it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the aided one. it defines the brand capability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. 35 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? 36 processing without \"don't know / no answer\" the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. overlap index: 1,49 1,28 clinic base: 281 cases (whole sample) the unaided awareness represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. the overlap index represents the number of mentioned brands. dentsply sirona shows a reduced awareness level, but still is the leading brand. on another hand, 3shape and carestream awareness has grown considerably. digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 37 the comparison between the \"unaided awareness\" and the \"top of mind\", highlights relevant differences in the prominence index: a higher index value indicates the brand's ability to represent a product family. example: 3shape is known by 21% of the respondents as a brand and 74% of those who know the brand have mentioned it as the first brand. trend analysis digital equipment brands: unaided awareness overlap index: 1,39 1,63 labo 38 spontaneous awareness (unaided): it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. top of mind: it represents the number of times a certain brand was mentioned as the first one by a respondent. 3shape, dentsply sirona and zirkonzahn confirm their leadership, but new competitors are growing, such as amann girrbach, roland, nobil metal and open technologies. this is even more evident when the top of mind is analysed: a relevant number of companies are increasing their top of mind score. unaided awareness top of mind digital equipment brands: unaided awareness vs. prominence index map thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? labo 39 the map relates quantitative awareness data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index that expresses the brand attitude to be immediately associated with the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with an unaided awareness above the average one and higher immediate association to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment. other brands like ivoclar vivadent, nobil metal or egs show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. - unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 40 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to underline that some brands like 3m, ivoclar vivadent, gc, kavo and straumann show a high percentage of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. 3shape and dentsply sirona show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. *align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant differences. digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 41 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent, 3m and bego show the highest percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona shows among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 42 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of dentsply sirona and 3shape, which, at the same time, do show high levels of spontaneous digital awareness so that the resulting relevance index is higher than average. notoriet spontanea vs. notoriet complessiva nel segmento digitale per ognuna delle seguenti marche, gentilmente indichi se la conosce (come produttore cad-cam). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 43 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like 3shape, zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona, which, differently from amann girrbach, kavo, 3m or ivoclar vivadent, show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 44 total awareness digital + relevance + dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness, followed by 3shape and carestream. dental wings and align technologies, although at a lower total awareness level, do show relevance scores higher than average. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 45 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand which more than others can be recalled spontaneously to mind. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being far lower than zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona in terms of total awareness, do show similar values of relevance. - total awareness digital + relevance + labo digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 46 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right in the here shown map. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) 47 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map). for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + labo brand awareness and positioning evaluation scores on positioning items brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 49 clinic overall brands (216 quotes) mean in overall, worldwide reknown and highly reputable show the highest mean scores, probably because the target is more concerned with these factors. the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. dentsply sirona (78 quotes) overall (216 quotes) 3shape (45 quotes) carestream (33 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 50 clinic brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo overall brands (652 quotes) mean 51 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reputation and innovation received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be not relevant to the mentioned brands (or more difficult to recognize due to the absence of a direct purchase relationship). 3shape (127 quotes) overall (652 quotes) dentsply sirona (76 quotes) zirkonzahn (70 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo 52 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 53 items importance average score not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 54 the charts show the weight of the items on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. reliability, trust and reputation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. analyzing the main brands, dentsply sirona model is very similar to the general one, with the exception of good price quality ratio, thus becoming a strategic item, being ranked as one of the top items, but with a lower than the average evaluation score. as for 3shape the item focused on the reputation received very high scores, and this item is also important in the definition of the recommendation, nevertheless, reliability and trustworthy seem not to perform on par with the mentioned item. the items makes daily practice easier and trustworthy looks to be somehow critical in carestream recommendation model, as they result to affect heavily the recommendation, but received rather weak evaluation scores. clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 55 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors the overall analysis highlights that the customer orientation could be considered a strategic factor in the recommendation, because despite a higher than average weight on it, it resulted to perform lower than average. clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 56 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. reliability, trust and innovation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation, even if the brand is perceived as affordable. items importance average score not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map 57 how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors in the overall recommendation model, the customer service oriented item looks to become a key success factor, given its weight on the recommendation and its lower than average score. labo brand awareness and positioning factor analysis brand positioning: factor analysis 3 factors factor 1 (reliability): it includes the elements related to trust and reliability transmitted by the brand, which affect the recommendation. according to the results, the reputation lies at the heart of reliability and the second factor factor 2 (leadership): the second factor is closely linked to the leadership of the brand from an awareness point of view. however, this factor totally lacks of objective elements related to product or service performance. factor 3 (nearness): it includes items related to the company's closeness to the technician / dentist and its ability to facilitate the daily practice and provide a good service as a whole. this is a distinct factor in the minds of the interviewees and it is also a component of the more general concept of quality. clinic+labo reliability leadership nearness trustworthy 0,794 reliable 0,735 recommendable to colleagues 0,734 innovative and at the forefront 0,656 highly reputable 0,619 0,571 worldwide reknown 0,882 leading company 0,729 makes daily practice easier 0,867 customer service oriented 0,561 factor analysis the factor analysis main purpose is to summarize the information of several items contained in a questionnaire results into few, synthetic factors. the main goal is to find out an underlying structure to a set of observed variables summarizing it in a smaller number of latent variables. thanks to the factor analysis, some perceived image drivers are identified with regard to the known brands in the cad-cam digital world. 59 in order to better understand the main positioning drivers in the target's imagery, a three-factor reduction of all the investigated items was carried out, with the aim of summarizing and explaining how this phenomenon is perceived in the sample imagery. in general, the analysis shows a profound difference in the brand perception between the two different targets (dentists and dental technicians). the first ones are mostly in an initial phase of approach to the market, with a still very low incidence of users, and recognize to the brands elements linked to the image (leadership) above all. on the contrary, dental technicians, with a user rate of around 50%, prefer to mention and value practical elements of product reliability and close relationship. digital technology penetration digital technologies in dental practices digital technologies owners and intention to buy clinic digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? 62 intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions chairside milling unit the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. by considering the whole sample, the left sided charts highlight that the chairside milling unit growth is flat, while the intra-oral scanner owners have increased from 8% to 13% (more than 60%). thanks to the flash equipment italy (based on real sell-out figures), it is possible to validate this information, as the moving annual total growth between the periods 2015-2018 confirms a noticeable increase of intra- oral scanner units sold. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase?", "type": "Document"}}