{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "non-owners 70 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. trend analysis in comparison to year 2015, there is a higher percentage of quotes related to a lack of interest or in the need for the digital technologies and concerning low demand. its interesting to note that the incidence of quotes regarding the preference for the traditional method decreased remarkably, and for concerns regarding the poor familiarity with the technology. due to the differences in the overlap index (2,29 in 2018 vs 1,33 in 2015), the graph shows the percentage of answers instead of the percentage of respondents, so the overall sum is 100% and the results are comparable. base: 245 cases clinic digital technologies in dental practices breakdown by technology and channel clinic digital technology use: breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 72 base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. since the digital prosthesis providers have almost doubled with respect to 2015, the following chart shows the penetration of the different channels calculated on the whole sample. it is interesting to note how the penetration of the chairside milling units looks to be quite stable over the years, while the most relevant part in the increase in the use of the digital technologies is played by the increase of the outsourcing especially by using the partner lab (outsourcing by using the manufacturer/milling center is quite low). percentage of dental practices - digital users only the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of dental practices - whole sample clinic base: 281 cases (whole sample) digital technology use: breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 73 base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. since the digital prosthesis providers have almost doubled with respect to 2015, the following chart shows the penetration of the different technologies (or flows) calculated on the whole sample. as regards the technologies, set aside the quite stable penetration of the chairside milling units, it is relevant the growth of both the scans sent outside (from 5% to 10% in 2018), and the use of traditional impressions sent outside (from 30% to 60%) for milling. percentage of dental practices - digital users only percentage of dental practices - whole sample clinic base: 281 cases (whole sample) digital technology use: channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 74 for example, among those performing full outsourcing (sending impressions outside), 35% of them send the impressions to a manufacturer and 97% of them send the impressions to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or impressions to a partner lab in 5% of the cases they also have a chairside milling unit and in 33% of the cases they also send the scans or impressions to a manufacturer/milling center. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison to the users of the same channels or technologies. please, see the example on the right. base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) channels percentage of dental practices - digital users only clinic digital technology use: technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 75 for example, among those sending scans outside for milling, 21% of them also have a chairside milling unit and 79% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their impressions or scans to a partner lab, 16% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 5% of them also have a chairside milling unit. base: 179 cases (digital prosthesis providers) technologies the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of use of the different technologies, in comparison to the users of the same technologies or channels. please, see the example on the right. percentage of dental practices - digital users only digital technologies in dental practices brands numeric distribution clinic digital technologies: equipment numeric distribution - ranking what is the brand of your scanners/chairside milling units? overall 77 base: 36 cases (intra-oral scanner owners) base: 36 cases (digital technologies owners) intra-oral scanners to take digital impressions chairside milling units only base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) chairside milling units including scanners due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. clinic digital technologies: cad-cam consumable materials - ranking what are the brands of the cad-cam consumable materials that you use with your chairside milling, at your practice? chairside milling unit owners 78 base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. clinic digital technologies in laboratories digital technologies owners and intention to buy labo 80 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. considering the whole sample, there is a 5% increase in the number of in- house milling units and a significant increase in scanner users (+14%). labo base: 600 cases (whole sample) scanner to take digital impressions milling unit digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? technology intention to buy are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies within the next year? 81 21% of those not yet providing cad-cam produced prosthetic elements think they would start doing so within the next year. among the brands considered for purchase there are dental wings, dentaply sirona, bego, zirkonzahn, 3shape e open technologies. intention to buy south and islands (33%) age of the owner >55 (11%) opening year 1999-2018 (36%) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 183 cases (not providing digital restorations) intention to buy intention to buy 2015 technology intention to buy: why not are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies within the next year? if not, why? 82 base: 144 cases (not willing to provide digital restorations) the most relevant reasons still are related to a low demand for this kind of technology / no need, or because of a too high investment needed. it interesting to notice the change in the weight of the various items in comparison to intention to buy ranking 2015 too expensive 32% i dont need it 28% low demand 24% i prefer the traditional method 10% poor system precision 6% poor familiarity with technologies 4% other 2% dont know / no answer 0% labo digital technologies in laboratories breakdown by technology and channel labo digital technology use: breakdown by channel taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following supply channels? channels 84 base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) percentage of laboratories among those who provide milled frameworks produced with the cad-cam technique, 50% send scans or models to other laboratories (partner-lab), while 49% send scans or models to one or more manufacturers or milling centers (manufacturer). since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. labo digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? technologies base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) 85 percentage of laboratories among those who provide milled frameworks produced with the cad-cam technique, 41% use full outsourcing, sending the models to an external milling center (to other partner laboratories or manufacturers), 47% send scans to other laboratories or manufacturers and 26% have a milling unit in the laboratory. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. labo digital technology use: channels and technologies taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 86 base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those sending their scans in outsourcing, 83% of them address themselves to a manufacturer and 45% of them to a partner lab. for example, those addressing themselves to a manufacturer, in 18% of the cases they also have an in- house milling unit and in 32% of the cases they also address themselves to a partner-lab. percentage of laboratories the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison to the users of the same channels or technologies. the base refers only to the laboratories using the digital workflow to produce milled frameworks. please, see the example on the right. channels digital technology use: technologies and channels taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 87 percentage of laboratories base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those sending scans in outsourcing, 17% of them also have an in- house milling unit and 11% of them send models in full outsourcing. for example, those sending their models or scans to a partner lab, in 2% of the cases also have an in-house milling unit, in 42% of the cases use a scanner and in 64% of them send models to colleagues. labo technologies the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of use of the different technologies, in comparison to the users of the same technologies or channels. the base refers only to the laboratories using the digital workflow to produce milled frameworks. please, see the example on the right. digital technologies in laboratories brands numeric distribution labo scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies has certainly increased its presence among the italian dental labs, and dental wings improved its position too. total scanners (275 cases) scanner only (no milling unit) (198 cases) 89 labo in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 108 cases (milling units owners) 90 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, amann girrbach, zirkonzahn and roland have increased by a wide margin their performance over the last years. labo manufacturer cad-cam systems: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 187 cases (manufacturer users) 91 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as new ancorvis (yet leader in 2015), la struttura, nobil metal and cad dent. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 224 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 92 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo customer experience overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. net promoter score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score 94 how likely are you to recommend the mentioned brand to a colleague? extremely likely somewhat likely extremely unlikely customer experience and loyalty metrics in dental practices clinic overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the overall experience with the mentioned brand. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,2 compared to 2015, the intermediate assessments decrease and the percentage of respondents who declare themselves \"very satisfied\" increases considerably, as the average score. base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) clinic 2015 mean: 7,9 96 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 2015 mean: 6,2 perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) compared to 2015, the percentage of those declaring unsatisfactory quality / price ratio decreases considerably, in favor of the area of high satisfaction, that increases by a few points. mean: 6,6 clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 97 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 2015 mean: 8,1 repurchase intention score 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) compared to 2015, the risk of non-reuse in the future of the mentioned products increases and, at the same time, the intention to repurchase decreases. mean: 7,5 clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 98 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. net promoter score how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) compared to 2015, the net promoter score improves considerably, going from 0% to 38%, thanks to the increase in the percentage of advocates and the decrease in the percentage of detractors. mean: 8,0 n.p.s.: +38% clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 2015 mean: 7,5 n.p.s.: 0% 99 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories labo satisfaction score: overall brands lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean overall brands (365 quotes) labo 101 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to open technologies (42 quotes) overall (365 quotes) 3shape (31 quotes) dental wings (28 quotes) amann girrbach (25 quotes) satisfaction score: focus on completely satisfied - difference from mean labo 102 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). 103 the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. accuracy and reliability showed among the highest correlation scores, but this is true for the technical assistance and the possibility to use the equipment for a wide range of materials and or procedures. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 104 items importance satisfaction score labo overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 105 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. it is interesting to see that the frequency of sw updates and the company flexibility are key items in the construction of the overall satisfaction. (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference prerequisites key success factors labo customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories factor analysis labo 3 factors performance relationship and support operating costs makes daily practice easier 0,750 wide range of procedures available 0,720 productivity increase 0,699 reliability 0,661 accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,649 handiness / ease of use 0,630 wide range of materials available 0,629 compatibility with other brands 0,512 start-up training 0,752 business development support 0,740 company availability and flexibility 0,732 technical support from the company 0,696 frequency of sw updates from the company 0,606 technical assistance in case of repair 0,594 cost of sw updates 0,813 overall running costs 0,698 overall satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance relationship and support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the product, such as accuracy, handiness, reliability, which reflects into the increased performance of the laboratory, with productivity increase, and an easier life in the daily practice. factor 2 (relationship and support) it is interesting to note that among the most correlated items there are start up training and business support, which are not very closely related to the technical support, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but in certain ways are felt to be important in the relationship with the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 107 labo overall satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. - + satisfaction level 108 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. for each investigated factor, the horizontal bars represent how much the satisfaction performance differs from the overall mean (vertical axis). the significant differences from the mean are marked with a red circle, so that it is possible to focus on the most interesting topics. with this regard, it is worth to note the higher than average performance of amann girrbach regarding the factor relationship and support, while it is significant the below average performance of 3shape and dental wings in the factor operating costs. overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 109 in order to complete the factor analysis, it is important to also assess the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction to understand if an improvement in one of them can also improve the satisfaction of a particular brand. therefore, these factors are used as a basis for a further analysis, called multiple regression analysis that aims to understand how they explain the overall satisfaction. the figure \"r2 = 0,629\" means that more than 60% of the total satisfaction is explained and it is based on the given factors, which is a remarkable result. the overall model shows that the weight of the performance factor is slightly less than 50%, therefore the importance of this factor is relevant. the second factor is the relationship and support, then operating costs shows the lowest weight. it is interesting to look at the following slides, when the same analysis is carried out on the single brands. overall satisfaction (r2=0,629) 45% 22% performance operating costs 33% relationship and support labo overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis labo 110 apart from open technologies, showing a relevant weight for the factor relationship and support, it looks like the regression models of the other investigated brands is predominantly driven by the performance. with this regard, it is worth to underline that no brand showed a weak satisfaction regarding to this factor. customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories other indicators labo other indicators: overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your overall satisfaction. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,1 2015 mean: 7,8 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes labo 112 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to compared to 2015, the intermediate assessments decrease and the percentage of respondents who declare themselves \"very satisfied\" increases considerably, as the average evaluation. the good statistically significance allows, in the case of laboratories, to carry out a further deepening on the main evaluated brands. 2015 mean: 7,0 other indicators: perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) labo mean: 7,5 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes 113 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to compared to 2015, the percentage of those declaring an unsatisfactory quality / price ratio decreases considerably, in favor of the area of medium satisfaction. the incidence of those who declare a high quality / price ratio, on the other hand, does not change significantly. other indicators: repurchase intention score da qui a 5 anni, quanto probabile che lei stia ancora utilizzando le attrezzature cad-cam delle seguenti aziende? (punteggi da 1 sicuramente non li star pi usando a 10 sicuramente li star ancora usando) labo mean: 8,3 2015 mean: 7,3 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes 114 compared to 2015, the risk of non-reuse in the future of the mentioned products remarkably decreases and, at the same time, the intention to repurchase increases. the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores.", "type": "Document"}}