{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "is preferred over the distributor ones. it is high the percentage of those who got information by their own but this is true almost only for the intraoral scanner. in the chairside milling purchase process it is fundamental the role of the manufacturer sales rep. (very high most of all among those responding via web), while it decreases steadily the autonomous information collection. reasons to buy spontaneous statements what was the main reason that made you decide to buy a cad-cam equipment? base: 105 cases owners owners sample the most prevailing motivations are a kind of subjective ones, linked to an innovation concept (trust in the technology and willingness to be at the forefront). a relevant weight is also from the aspects related to the performance improvement and the quality of the results. less relevant is the desire of independence from the laboratory, not very high among scanners users. base 126 responses among the different unaided answers the trust in the future prevails, but also some practical aspect (time reduction and higher accuracy). the answers have been aggregated according to their own nature and into four different areas, whose data processing have been made on the sum of answers. this aggregation allows for some further interesting consideration . please note again that 70% of the sample owns a chairside milling. 50 reasons to buy objective analysis on the proposed items how much do you agree with the following statements about the moment you decided to invest in a cad-cam? please give me a score from 1 to 10, where 1 stands for strongly disagree and 10 stands for totally agree. 51 base: 105 cases owners owners sample mean following the unaided answers, some items have been investigated, which allowed the selection of true purchasing drivers. also in this case, the emotional approach of the orientation to the future prevails . it is a typical attitude of the pioneers belonging to a newly born product segment. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment factor analysis 52 owners sample the factor analysis identified 4 latent factors for the reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment. better performance: represents the performance improvement seen as economic benefits and increased productivity. image and innovation: this factor summarizes the feeling that owning a cad-cam equipment improves the image of the clinic to the eyes of the patients. patient care: owning a cad-cam technology allows to treat the patients in less time than traditional methods, improving their comfort. independence from the lab: a cad-cam allows the practice to be independent from the lab. base: 105 cases owners the factor analysis is a multi- variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. better performance image and innovation patient care independence from the lab the acquisition of a cad-cam will reduce the working time 0,79 the acquisition of a cad-cam will bring me economical/financial savings 0,64 it will improve the quality of my work 0,75 its a technology required to meet the future challenges 0,66 it will improve the image of my clinic 0,76 it is important to make use of more innovative materials 0,77 my patients demand for this type of technology 0,78 it is important to offer my patients the restoration/prosthesis in one visit/day 0,73 i would like to depend less upon the prosthetic lab 0,94 reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment demographic and structural stratification 53 owners sample owners sample age: basically the elders resulted to be less sensitive to the performance improvement. size structure: the smallest practices seem to be more influenced by the improvement of the reputation of the practice. value of purchases in materials: the segment with a lower than average expenditure are more sensitive to the image and also to the increased independence from the lab. implantology: this is the segmentation showing the biggest differences in the purchasing behaviour. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment stratification type of practice management 54 owners sample owners sample strategic plan those having a strategic business plan resulted to be more interested in the performance and far less to the independence from the lab. the other 2 drivers did not show statistically relevant differences. type of technology the kind of technology used shows a different mapping: to the only scanner users, the image and innovation perspective prevail, while the chairside milling users seem to be motivated by the independence from the lab and a higher attention to the patient care. other significant aspects those having purchased the equipment in an emotional way is strongly influenced by the image and not interested at all to the independence from the lab. the cad-cam frequent users are more oriented to the performance and the image. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam intraoral scanner benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the intraoral scanner? 56 base: 45 cases scanner owners the most quoted advantage, with more than 50% of the quotes, is the reduction of working times, related to the improvement of the productivity and the performance. the second most quoted advantage is the high precision of the digital impression, which is related to the aspects of precision and quality of the performance. random sample chairside milling unit benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the chairside milling unit? 57 base: 17 cases chairside milling owners the main quoted benefit is the reduction of working times, linked to the aspects of the surgery performance. the second quoted advantage is the possibility to make indirect restorations in one single visit. considering that the third quoted advantage (depend less upon the lab), is partially linked to the surgery performance, the main advantage in the use of the chairside milling are related to the increase of the productivity and the performance. random sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis evaluate the overall experience with a brand and how much the customer needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the price paid for that product. advocacy the willingness of a user to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors for each brand. the bas subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of-mouth referrals. 59 loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention brand advocacy score advocates extremely likely how likely are you to recommend the following company brands to a colleague? neither unlikely nor likely neutrals detractors unlikely likely loyalty metrics 60 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or detractors\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of detractors from the distribution percentage of the advocates, to show the actual impact of the word of mouth. perceived value brand advocacy repurchase intention mean mean mean how much would you agree that the cad-cam products of the following manufacturers are worth their purchase price? how likely are you to recommend the cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you were to replace your current cad-cam system, how likely are you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low repurchase intention may mean a risk that, in the future, the product may not be purchased again. lower repurchase intention scores have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still be using this product in the future. even if the perceived value is negative, this item does not impact on the attitude to recommend or on the repurchase intention. this is to confirm once again the low weight of the price in the real experience. advocates neutrals detractors base: 52 quotes 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 6,2 6,6 6,0 7,7 7,9 7,6 7,4 7,7 7,3 14% 9% 15% random sample loyalty metrics 61 owners sample brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or detractors\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of detractors from the distribution percentage of the advocates, to show the actual impact of the word of mouth. brand advocacy repurchase intention mean mean how likely are you to recommend the cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you were to replace your current cad-cam system, how likely are you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low repurchase intention may mean a risk that, in the future, the product may not be purchased again. lower repurchase intention scores have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still be using this product in the future. advocates neutrals detractors base: 172 quotes 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 7,5 7,5 7,5 7,4 7,4 7,4 13% 13% 14% satisfaction analysis differentiation of scanner and chairside milling how do you rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam (intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit) brands? please use a scale of 1 to 10, where 1 stands for completely not satisfied and 10 stands for completely satisfied owners sample scanner owner (98 quotes) mean 52% 53% 44% 46% 45% 32% 33% 28% 35% 28% 28% 29% 22% 22% 16% 18% 13% 19% 11% 13% 8% 6% 8% 7% 7% 8% 7% 4% 6% 7% 21% 22% 25% 31% 30% 35% 38% 29% 31% 31% 24% 26% 35% 23% 22% 9% 11% 11% 12% 12% 10% 23% 29% 26% 34% 29% 35% 28% 48% 46% 100% 50% 0% 50% 100% precisione e qualit del risultato finale dei restauri affidabilit ampia scelta di materiali utilizzabili maneggevolezza e facilit duso soddisfazione generale facilit duso del software cad-cam di progettazione del restauro costi complessivi di gestione frequenza degli aggiornamenti training per lo start-up disponibilit e flessibilit dellazienda per esigenze specifiche servizio di assistenza tecnica di riparazione servizio di supporto tecnico dellazienda gestione del periodo di apprendimento da parte del fornitore sostegno allo sviluppo de business costo degli aggiornamenti software serie1 serie2 serie3 serie4 serie5 47% 55% 41% 42% 43% 38% 27% 26% 30% 24% 25% 25% 17% 15% 13% 18% 8% 18% 13% 12% 9% 8% 8% 5% 7% 7% 5% 5% 8% 5% 24% 26% 30% 35% 32% 32% 39% 28% 36% 29% 24% 27% 36% 27% 25% 11% 11% 11% 9% 12% 12% 26% 32% 28% 39% 33% 40% 34% 49% 47% 100% 50% 0% 50% 100% precisione e qualit del risultato finale dei restauri affidabilit ampia scelta di materiali utilizzabili maneggevolezza e facilit duso soddisfazione generale facilit duso del software cad-cam di progettazione del restauro costi complessivi di gestione frequenza degli aggiornamenti training per lo start-up disponibilit e flessibilit dellazienda per esigenze specifiche servizio di assistenza tecnica di riparazione servizio di supporto tecnico dellazienda gestione del periodo di apprendimento da parte del fornitore sostegno allo sviluppo de business costo degli aggiornamenti software serie1 serie2 serie3 serie4 serie5 chairside milling owner (74 quotes) 7,9 7,8 7,7 7,6 7,6 7,3 6,6 6,6 6,5 6,3 6,2 6,2 6,1 5,6 5,5 5,4 5,9 6,4 6,9 7,4 7,9 chairside scanner 7,9 7,8 7,7 7,6 7,6 7,3 6,6 6,6 6,5 6,3 6,2 6,2 6,1 5,6 5,5 5,4 5,9 6,4 6,9 7,4 7,9 chairside scanner the main differences between scanner and chairside milling are related to the after sales area, not exactly for what regards the mean scores, but the weight of the respondents involved by the dissatisfaction instead, which goes from 30% to 50%. clusters 10 completely satisfied 8-9 rather satisfied 6-7 rather not satisfied 1-5 not satisfied at all 62 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: 63 statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here, some prerequisites are highlighted (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items ranking of importance of items. whole sample 64 in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the total sample. some items with a low correlation score might not be useful to the construction of the satisfaction and vice versa. only start up training resulted to be particularly critical in the analysed model, in addition to the issues on the update and management. weight per item on the satisfaction score mean whole sample (172 quotes) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 overall ranking satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items ranking of importance of items. scanner only 65 weight per item on the satisfaction score mean scanner users (98 quotes) 1 3 vs 2 2 vs 3 4 6 vs 5 5 vs 6 8 vs 7 10 vs 8 8 vs 9 7 vs 10 14 vs 11 12 13 11 vs 14 ranking vs overall in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the intraoral scanner. in the column ranking it is possible to see the item ranking in comparison with its position in the overall evaluation (right figure). the correlation level of the satisfaction for the scanner highlight a ranking similar to the overall one, even though some items resulted to be more important, such as the handiness, the updates and, partially, the business development support and, most of all, the technical support. far less correlated the aspects linked to the software. satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items. chairside milling owner 66 weight per item on the satisfaction score mean chairside milling owner (74 quotes) 2 vs 1 1 vs 2 4 vs 3 3 vs 4 5 9 vs 6 7 6 vs 8 10 vs 9 11 vs 10 8 vs 11 13 vs 12 12 vs 13 14 ranking vs overall in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the chairside milling. in the column ranking it is possible to see the item ranking in comparison with its position in the overall evaluation (right figure). contrary to what seen for the scanner, in the satisfaction model of the chairside milling, the accuracy and quality of the results shows a higher importance than the product reliability. far more important the aspects linked to the training, software use and cost updates. lower importance for the frequency of the software updates. weight on the satisfaction items score + + satisfaction analysis whole sample 67 the map is the visual synthesis of the charts seen in previous slides. the horizontal axis is the weight on the satisfaction (that is, the correlation score) of each item; the vertical axis is the average satisfaction scores of the different items. the satisfaction items are positioned so that: a) the items in the upper right side of the map are important in terms of both overall satisfaction and b) the respondents are more than average satisfied. in the lower right side of the map there are the items that: a) are very important in the construction of the overall satisfaction and b) the respondents are less satisfied than average, this is a critical zone because it represent an improvement area, with a high impact on the satisfaction and a poor performance of the product/brand. loyalty prerequisites key success factors in loyalty weight on the satisfaction + items score + satisfaction analysis scanner vs chairside milling key success factors in loyalty key success factors in loyalty scanner chairside milling the two satisfaction models scanner vs chairside milling, are very similar, even though in overall a higher weight of the items for the chairside milling can be noted (therefore higher expectations), in particular the greater relative importance of two areas: the wide range of materials (prerequisite for the chairside milling) and the overall operating costs (including software updates) which are instead critical points and represent an area of opportunity for the companies. 68 satisfaction analysis factor analysis 69 the factor analysis allows to find out 4 latent factors: product quality: the factor is characterized by those items that relate on one side to the practical usage of cad-cam and, on the other, the aspects of the software and the ease of use of the interface. it partially includes the operating costs that are partially experienced as an integral part of quality. customer support services : includes all aspects of the relationship between the company and the user regarding the technical service and after sales. running cost: refers to the aspects not related to the purchase cost but to the overall running costs for the use of the equipment and the software over time. training: the factor refers to the education and training of the dentist and the support in the use of the equipment after the purchase. owners sample the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. satisfaction analysis users stratification 70 owners sample owners sample all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. as anticipated in the correlation analysis, the satisfaction model for both technologies resulted to be reliable. the analysis on the factors scores show an overall less satisfactory situation for the chairside milling. particularly critical are the training and the customer support services. it is a matter of understanding, thanks to specific deepening, if the chairside milling critical points are to be attributed to weak spots in the manufacturer service, the distribution system or specific difficulties in the world of the chairside systems. satisfaction analysis linear regression 71 the product quality has the highest weight on the satisfaction, both in the overall model and for the scanner users. with regards to the other chairside milling, the running costs and the training show the highest weight. the linear regression is a statistical technique whose aim is to find out if a causal relationship exists between one or more independent variables (in this case the factors derived from the factor analysis on the satisfaction) and one dependent variable (in this case the overall satisfaction). the linear regression requirement is that a linear relationship exists between the variables so that this relationship can be explained with a straight line. the linear regression allows to understand the intensity of the relationship between the independent and the dependent variables and to what extent each factor affects the overall satisfaction. the linear regression model shows a value r2=0,777 (r-squared), this means that about 78% of the satisfaction is explained by this model. owners sample overall satisfaction 22% customer support services 46% product quality running cost 19% training 14% chairside milling users focus quantitative aspects focus on chairside milling users digital work flow prostheses weight out of the total precision impressions done in your practice, what is the percentage of impressions done with the digital work flow? 73 chairside milling owners sample base: 60 cases total sample percentage of practices vs percentage of cases from digital work flow prostheses taking into consideration the chairside milling owners only (oversampling on users), only one third of them carry out less than half of the prosthetic cases with digital work flow, while 17% of them declare to make prosthesis only with digital work flow (not necessarily all of them carried out with the chairside milling). basing on the quotes, the total prosthetic cases carried out with digital work flow is 68%. among the chairside milling users, about two thirds of all prosthetic cases are made with the digital work flow. focus on chairside milling users minutes required for digital design how many minutes do you need in general for the digital design with the cad/cam software per patient? 74 16 minutes it is the average time for the digital design. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of time required for the digital design only one fourth of the chairside milling users sample declares it takes more than 15 minutes for the digital design with a cad- cam software. the overall mean is 16 minutes, with a good homogeneity throughout the cases. chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users weight of restorations in one appointment how many indirect restorations are done in your practice, in an average week? in percent, how many of your single restorations are performed in one appointment? in percent, how many of your multiple restorations are performed in one appointment? among chairside milling users, about two thirds of indirect restorations are done in one single appointment. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of production in one single visit in the chairside milling users sample only 14% of them dont carry out indirect restorations in one single appointment. this percentage goes up to 40% for the multiple restorations. 29% of them declares to carry out 100% of the single restorations in one single appointment. the percentages steeply decrease for multiple restorations. in overall, about 54% of the single restorations have been carried out in one appointment, while the percentage goes down to 20% for the multiple restorations. mean: 54% mean: 20% 75 chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users used materials how often do you use the following consumable cad- cam materials in your practice? base: 77 cases total sample frequency of use of different materials almost all respondents declare to use the lithium disilicate glass-ceramics. only 1% declares not to use this material. chairside milling owners sample 76 italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}