{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "chart 8a and 8b. use of digital technologies breakdown by channel and technology europe in overall, it is also possible to analyze the information shown at slides 4 and 6 by crossing the data, whose results are shown in the following charts. the chart shows in the rows the information regarding the channels (partner lab, manufacturer/milling center and chairside milling). in the columns the information is related to both the channels and the technologies. the information can be read as follows: with regard to the technology users, out of the total impression users (red circled data, respondents sending their impressions outside for milling), in 94% of the cases, they send the impressions to the partner lab channel, in 17% of the cases they send the impressions to the manufacturer/milling center channel, and 5% of them also have a chairside milling. on the other hand, with regard to the channel users, out of the total partner lab key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 11 users (blue circled data, respondents sending their impressions or scan files to a partner lab), 11% of them also send their impressions or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center and 7% of them also have a chairside milling. of course, this is a kind of multiple answer question. also, the same information is available with the technologies in rows, and in the columns there are always both the channels and the technologies. the information can be read as follows: with regard to the technology users, out of the total impression users (red circled data, respondents sending their impressions outside for milling), in 4% of the cases they also use the scanner technology (they use the scanner to produce scan files to be sent outside for milling) and 5% of them also have a chairside milling. on the other hand, with regard to the channel users, out of the total partner lab users (blue circled data, respondents sending their impressions or scan files to a partner lab), in 93% of the cases they send the impressions to a partner lab, in 11% of the cases they send scan files to a partner lab and in 7% of the cases they also have a chairside milling. this is a kind of multiple answer question as well. role of digital technologies in the future chart influence of digital technologies on prosthetics performance europe vs. breakdown per country the predominant feeling is that the digital technologies will be important in the future, however they are not going to completely replace the traditional way. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 12 its interesting to note how the majority of respondents declared the new digital technologies will play an important role, in overall this feeling is true for 54% of respondents, but they will not replace the way the traditional restorations are performed. the highest percentage of respondents stating that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional restorations is in spain and italy, followed by france. the statement of those countries may have a correlation with use. this may mean that those countries using more digital technologies are more convinced than others that this technology will replace the traditional prosthesis. the feeling that the digital technologies will not replace completely the traditional prosthetics is almost the same among respondents not providing digital restorations, but is lower than average the percentage of responses related to the fact that the digital technologies will completely replace the traditional prosthetics (27% vs 31% overall). digital technology acceptance in dental offices stance versus digital technologies at this stage, the level of acceptance of the digital technologies was evaluated, with specific regard to how much the dentists feel comfortable with the new technologies. chart dental practices stance to digital technologies europe vs. breakdown per country the sample is rather split between those trying to get closer to digital technologies and those feeling uncomfortable with them. the percentage of respondents using it and feeling comfortable with it, still are the minority at 13%. the highest percentages are in italy, spain and uk. its interesting to correlate the digital technology penetration (chart digital technologies offer) with the stance. for example, germany has the second highest level of penetration (35% of the practices offer restorations with digital technologies) but respondents generally look to feel more uncomfortable with it (57% that feels uncomfortable using the technology versus 38% in overall). key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 13 relationship among dentists, technicians and the industry in the future of digital technologies besides the analysis on the current use and penetration of digital technologies, it is also interesting to investigate how the relationship among dentists, technicians, and the industry will progress and interact in the future, due to the relevant changes that the digital technologies may bring to their daily work. chart change in the relationship among dentists, technicians and the industry europe vs. breakdown per country the major part of the quotes is in the direction of a tighter cooperation between dentists and technicians and also between dentists and the industry, due to the increasing need for specific manufactured products that the industry can provide. the results also show that uk respondents firmly believe in a future strengthening of the relationship between dentists and technicians with 50% of quotes, versus 34% of the total sample. in other hand, the majority of the practices in germany (36% versus the overall average of 24%) believes that the relationship will become blander as they believe the process with cad-cam is easier and do not require a specific knowledge. chart change in the way restorations are performed - europe vs. breakdown per country key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 14 the sample is rather split evenly between those feeling the type of restorations will not change, and those thinking that there will be a change. the major differences come from germany and uk, where there are the major part of respondents stating there will be no change. it looks like the major changes brought by the digital technologies are mostly related to the material used (more use of zirconia and cocr instead of alloys) and the fact that there may be a higher production of fixed prosthetics instead of removable one. required features from digital technology providers chart what dentists expect from a digital technology provider, in order to improve and enhance the way they perform restorations and prosthetics - europe a manufacturer will clearly need to give support to digital technology users, in terms of training and information and in terms of improvement in the performance. an interesting assumption may be that the unfamiliarity is the driver making dentists to ask for training and information for either start using digital technologies or to use them in a better and more effective way. at second place, the statements about convenience reflect the desire to receive from the manufacturers services and/or products that can make their work easier, more affordable and more productive. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 15 macro trends / scenario laboratories this chapter analyses the point of view of the dental laboratories about digital technologies, the use, the acceptance and the impacts. the dental laboratories were invited to state what they think about their future role in the production of the digital restorations, and about their relationship with the main players involved in this digital change: the dental practices, the laboratories themselves and the industry. use of digital technologies in dental laboratories indirect restorations performed with digital technologies more than half of the sample (57%) stated to provide their clients with digital restorations. germany and spain are the countries showing the highest percentages. again, german laboratories are the ones providing more often than others prostheses made with digital technologies: 37% of laboratories (vs. 31% overall) provides this service on a regular basis. like in all investigated countries, the percentage of laboratories providing digital restorations is higher than the percentage of practices doing so. again the percentage in uk is considerably lower than the overall result. chart use of digital technologies in dental laboratories - europe vs. breakdown per country key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 16 use of digital technologies breakdown by technology and channel the portion of the sample providing digital restorations was requested to specify how they do that. chart use of digital technologies breakdown by technology the most common way to produce digital restorations is to produce scan files (55%) to be sent outside to an external organization (either a partner lab or a manufacturer/milling center). a good portion of the sample uses at least a milling unit installed at their laboratory (34%). chart use of digital technologies breakdown by technology europe vs. breakdown per country germany, france and the uk are the countries showing the highest percentage of respondents stating to use at least one scanner to send the scan files outside for milling procedure. the same is with regard to the milling unit used at the laboratory, while the lowest one is spain, which also shows the highest percentage of full outsourcing users. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 17 chart use of digital technologies breakdown by channel the manufacturer (or milling center) is the most common channel used to produce digital restorations. the manufacturer/milling center is requested to mill digital restorations by receiving either a traditional plaster model from the laboratory, or a scan file, from laboratories equipped with a scanner. chart use of digital technologies breakdown by channel europe vs. breakdown per country once again, germany and france show higher percentages in the use of the channel manufacturer/milling center while spain shows the highest percentage in the use of a partner lab, together with italy. given the lower number of cases, the results of the uk should be taken as an indication only. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 18 chart 19a and 19b. use of digital technologies breakdown by technology and channel europe in overall, it is also possible to analyze the information shown at slides 15 and 17 by crossing the data, whose results are shown in the following chart. the chart shows in the rows the information regarding the technologies (in-lab milling, scanner and full outsourcing). in the columns the information is related to both the channels and the technologies. the information can be read as follows: with regard to the technology users, out of the total scanner users (red circled data, respondents using a scanner to send the scan files outside for milling), in 11% of the cases they also have an in-lab milling at the laboratory, and in 10% of the cases they also send the models outside for milling (either to a manufacturer/milling center or a partner lab). on the other hand, with regard to the channel users, out of the total manufacturer users (blue circled data, respondents sending either the models or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center), in 91% of the cases they send the scan files to a manufacturer, in 11% of the cases they have an in-lab milling, and in 19% of the cases they also send their models outside for milling to a manufacturer. this is a kind of multiple answer question. also, the same information is available with the channels in rows, and in the columns there are again both the channels and the technologies. the information can be read as follows: with regard to the technology users, out of the total scanner users (red circled data, respondents sending their scan files outside for milling), in 85% of key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 19 the cases, they send the scan files to the manufacturer/milling center channel, in 44% of the cases they also send the scan files to a partner lab, and 11% of them also have an in-lab milling. on the other hand, with regard to the channel users, out of the total partner lab users (blue circled data, respondents sending their models or scan files to a partner lab), 48% of them also send their models or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center and 11% of them also have an in-lab milling. of course, this is a kind of multiple answer question as well. role of digital technologies in the future chart influence of digital technologies on prosthetics performance europe vs. breakdown per country the approach of the laboratories is not very different from that of dental practices, as the majority of the respondents state to believe the digital prosthetics will have a relevant role but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future, too. in specific regard to this statement, the percentage (70%) is higher than that of the dental practices (54%). in comparison to the overall result, clearly, the german market, given its weight, influences the overall results, but it is interesting to note how the most mature market regarding digital technologies, the german one, believe the new technologies will have a relevant role, but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future anyway. in addition, relevant differences in the uk are related to the fact that a higher than average portion of respondents state that the digital technologies will affect only a part of the prosthetics, therefore its role will not be paramount. (15% vs 7% overall). key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 20 digital technology acceptance in dental laboratories stance versus digital technologies at this stage, the level of acceptance of the digital technologies was evaluated, with specific regard to how much the technicians feel comfortable with the new technologies. chart laboratories stance to digital technologies europe vs. breakdown per country there is a relevant difference between dentists and technicians, as the former mostly think that it is necessary to get closer to digital technologies because they are the future, while the latter clearly state to be comfortable in using it (42% overall). only 21% stated to feel uncomfortable. much lower than the result of the clinical sample (21% vs 38% of the clinical sample). germany stands out with its positive stance versus the digital technologies. the majority of the respondents in the other countries (france and uk on top) is getting closer to the digital technologies, typical of the development phase of a new market. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 21 relationship among dentists, technicians and the industry in the future of digital technologies chart change in the relationship among dentists, technicians and the industry europe vs. breakdown per country while the most quoted answer is, in overall, the same seen in the clinical sample (the relationship with the industry will become tighter) unlike it happened with the dentists sample, the second most quoted answer is that the relationship with the technicians will become blander, due to the fact that dentists are not required to get specific expertise about cad processing. this clearly is the technicians point of view, perhaps, this is affected by the worries that the chairside cad-cam may replace all or part of the activities once performed solely by the laboratories. in particular, italy and france show higher than average percentages for this option. while spain and germany give great importance to the strengthening of the relationship with the industry, the uk is higher than average in the statement related to the tightening of the relationship between dentists and technicians. required features from digital technology providers chart what technicians expect from a digital technology provider, in order to improve and enhance the way they perform restorations and prosthetics europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 22 basically, the conclusions about the required features from a digital technologies provider are on par with the dentists sample: convenience, training and information are the most mentioned ones. and the conclusions may well be the same: those elements could improve the users experience and attract new users, when the need for information and support is met. macro trends / scenario 3d printing this chapter analyses the awareness and the stance about the availability of 3d printing and in specific its availability in the dental sector. chart awareness of 3d digital printing - europe the awareness among dental practices clearly is different from the laboratories (82% vs 92%), nevertheless it can be considered very high in both cases. while in the clinical market there is no relevant difference among the countries, on the laboratory side the awareness is lower in italy, france and spain. the percentage of awareness is almost the same with regard to the availability of 3d printing in dentistry, but in this case, uk shows the lowest percentage of awareness both in the clinical and technical segments. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 23 chart most suitable indications for 3d printing - europe its interesting to note that the first mentioned indications quoted by the respondents are the same for both samples, but the third one in the clinical sample, surgical guides has been quoted as the first one in the technical sample. crowns & bridges look to be relevant in both samples. chart main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing - europe both samples agreed on the most relevant change brought by 3d printing in dentistry would be the increase in the kinds of materials available and of the digital procedures available. in comparison to the overall results there are no relevant differences among the evaluated countries. the reduction in the price of the restorations is not seen to be a major change. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 24 macro trends / scenario conclusions the penetration of the digital technologies is higher among the dental technicians than among the dental practices, especially in the use of digital equipment. with specific regard to the dentists, the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send impressions to a third party to produce the digital restorations. however, according to the opinion of all respondents, the digital technologies will have a relevant role in the future of prosthetics, despite some grade of discomfort, mostly due to the lack of information and training. by looking at the most relevant features required by a digital technology provider, the (economic) convenience appears to be one of the most important factors to work on, in order to speed up the propagation of the new technologies. the uk and germany represent two opposite situations, where uk shows a lower than average penetration in the use of digital technologies and germany shows a rather higher than average percentage. however, german respondents seem to be rather conservative, as both, dentists and technicians show higher penetration rates, but still are the respondents who feel more uncomfortable with the technology. it is interesting to evaluate the position of spain, italy and france as countries that they firmly believe the digital technologies are the future of prosthetics and foresee a future tightening of the relationship with the industry due to the increase in the demand for case specific manufactured products. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 25 brand awareness and positioning the analysis on digital technologies went deeper with the investigation of the main brands of this segment. in specific, the brand awareness focused on the most quoted brands. the unaided awareness has shown that, among dental practices, there are a few well-known brands whose performance is very high. on the other hand, when considering the technical market, the brands mentioned by the respondents are several, to testify that the digital technologies in the laboratory are a more mature market. chart unaided brand awareness- europe sirona and 3m are the brands to be mentioned among the most relevant ones in both samples, in particular, the former is among the top three brands in both samples. the laboratory market shows several brands whose longtime presence in the laboratory market is unquestionable, and the rather low number of brands mentioned by the clinical sample testifies the relatively young business. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 26 chart brand positioning, items average scores - europe when it comes to consider the brand positioning, it must be said that the relative scores quoted by both samples are rather consistent, showing almost the same behavior. both samples gave lower than average scores for the item too expensive, good price/quality ratio and affordable, while the performance of other items related to the brand reputation and reliability received higher scores. when considering the brands individually, in the clinical market, while sirona is rather on average, its interesting to note that kavo performed better than the competitors with regard to affordability and customer service oriented, while 3m is more than other brands associated with too expensive and worldwide renowned. on the technical side, it is worth to mention bego, which is higher than average in trustworthy, but far below for too expensive, and sirona, whose performance on affordability and customer service oriented, is not on par with the other brands. zirkonzahn showed higher scores for recommendation and innovation, while amann girrbach is higher than average in good price quality ratio. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 27 chart brand positioning, bivariate correlation analysis: weight of items on the recommendation - europe the bivariate correlation analysis takes into account the relative weight of the single items on a pre- determined dependent variable, which is the recommendation. its a useful analysis which goes beyond the plain and rational score given by the respondents, and tries to assess the actual importance of the different items on the recommendation. the charts show that, apart from the item trustworthy, whose importance is unquestionable, the main ones are rather different, according to the sample considered. among laboratories, given the relative longtime presence of this kind of technologies, the recommendation seems to be mostly affected by items related to the daily practice and innovation. on the clinical side, perhaps due to the fact that the market is less mature, some items strictly linked to the reputation prevail, as if the users, or the potential users, should be mostly concerned by the confidence in the brand first. affordability, for both samples, doesnt affect the recommendation at all. chart brand positioning, factor analysis - europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 28 the factor analysis allows for a further data processing, where the items related to the recommendation are grouped into factors, thanks to a specific data processing. both factor analyses worked at their best when the output consisted in two factors, whose meaning and names have been the same for both groups. the first factor was nearness and the second one was reputation. even though the driving items are not exactly the same, both analysis may have the same meaning: nearness is the factor driven by items clearly related to the close relationship that a company may show, like customer service, affordability, reliability, while the second factor named reputation is made up of items in close relation to the image and reputation of a brand. chart brand positioning, factor analysis map - europe despite the factor analysis showed the same factors for both groups, the positioning maps had rather different results. the map of the dental practices sample was clearly influenced by the high weight of sirona in the analysis, whose position was in the middle of the map. a bit more scattered the map of the sample made up of dental laboratories. in the analysis on the laboratories, sirona has no central position and its brand image looks not to be related neither to the nearness, nor to the reputation. kavo brand image looks to be almost the same in both analysis, that is, more linked to the nearness and on average with regard to the reputation. other relevant topics worth to be mentioned are the position of dentsply in the analysis on the dental practices, very much related to the nearness, and the position of ivoclar vivadent in the analysis on the laboratories, which seems to be highly related to the reputation, just like zirkonzahn and, to a lesser extent, 3shape. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 29 equipment use and intention to buy the analysis on digital technologies went deeper with the investigation of the main used brands of this segment. in specific, the investigation took into consideration the brands used for scanning and for milling. chart equipment use: scanners - europe the analysis proved that the penetration of this kind equipment varies widely, according to the sample taken into consideration. the sample of dental practices made up of digital technologies users stated to use an intraoral scanner in 20% of the cases, while the corresponding sample of laboratories stated to use a scanner in 84% of the cases. for the former sample, the penetration of dental scanners related to those laboratories having a scanner for either sending outside scan files (in this case, the percentage is 55%) or to be used with an in-lab milling center. chart equipment use: brand numeric distribution, scanners - europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 30 it is worth to note that only sirona, 3shape and dental wings showed up in both distributions. while sirona was stated as the first one in the sample of dental practices, among laboratories 3shape is the leading company, followed by zirkonzahn and amann girrbach. chart equipment use: milling units - europe the analysis on the penetration of milling units proved to be very similar to what seen for the scanners, although the penetration of milling units in the laboratory market showed a lower percentage than that of the scanners. the percentage of milling unit users among dental practices providing digital restorations was 14%, while among the dental laboratories providing digital restorations was 34%. chart equipment use: brand numeric distribution, milling units- europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 31 the number of dental practices using a milling unit was rather low, therefore the information should be considered as an indication only. nevertheless, this was enough to highlight sirona dominant position by a relevant margin. the analysis by country saw sirona as the most mentioned brand everywhere and planmeca as the main follower. with regard to the sample of the laboratories, the most quoted brand was amann girrbach, followed by zirkonzahn and sirona. the analysis by country showed rather diverse situations: amann girrbach was the first one only in germany, while sirona was the top brand in italy and the uk. france saw zirkonzahn to be the most relevant one and in spain the first one was roland. additionally, the analysis on the dental laboratories also covered the numeric distribution of the manufacturers/milling centers used to send scan files or models. the most quoted one resulted to be bego, followed by heraeus kulzer, dentsply-atlantis, nobel biocare and caddent. with regard to the numeric distribution by country, its worth to note the presence of some local organizations in italy, spain and france (new ancorvis and la struttura in italy, sineldent in spain and anthogyr in france). given the rather low number of cases, the results should be taken as an indication only.", "type": "Document"}}