{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 74, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone Srl", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "statistical note 5 sample segmentation and it use 7 scenario analysis 4.1 use of digital technologies 14 4.2 production share of indirect restorations 15 4.3 role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future 17 4.4 role of dentists and technicians in the future 19 4.5 change in the way restorations are performed 20 4.6 required features from digital technology providers 21 technologies for production of prosthesis with digital workflow 5.1 digital technologies owners 24 5.2 equipment numeric distribution 25 5.3 cad-cam consumables numeric distribution 26 5.4 share of restorations in one visit 27 digital workflow in the practices 6.1 digital technologies use - breakdown by channel 28 6.2 digital technologies use - breakdown by technology 29 6.3 digital prosthesis production share 32 7. 3d printing 7.1 awareness and use 34 7.2 use of 3d printing 35 7.3 most suitable indications 36 7.4 main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing 37 introduction the number of interviews performed for this research is 282 dental practices; and it is fully representative of the population of the dental practices in the investigated country. 4 introduction the omnivision digital spain 2018 is a multi-client descriptive research, analyzing the performances in italy of the main international manufacturers as regards the new digital technologies, such as intraoral scanners, chairside milling, table top scanners, in lab milling and 3d printing. 4 the number of interviews performed for the research is 282 dental practices; in order to accurately represent the market, the cases have been properly weighted to be fully representative of the population of the italian dental practices. with a confidence level of 95% the maximum error (confidence interval) is +/- 3,5%. the data was processed using excel, spss, statistica. due to the objectives of knowledge and the types of questions, the data was processed: contingency tables significance test glossary the confidence level indicates the reliability level of the research. for example, a confidence level equal to 95% means that the phenomenon pointed out by the research is correct for the 95% of the cases. the confidence interval indicates how much the research data diverge from reality. as the sample results, even if representative, cannot be perfectly correspondent to those obtainable interviewing the entire population, each research has an approximation degree which represents the maximum error of the research. for example, a confidence interval of 3% indicates that if the research phenomenon is equal to 60%, the result can change, in comparison with reality, of an extra 3% or a minus 3% and in this way it is included between 63% (60%+3%) and 57% (60%-3%). introduction - statistical note 5 sample segmentation base: 282 cases (whole sample) sample segmentation demographic and structural clusters mean: 48 years old 2000 2,5 dental units 3,0 dentists 7 number of patients per week what is the number of patients visited in your surgery in an average week? base: 282 cases (whole sample) mean: 65,3 patients per week 67,4 60,7 66,6 65,0 65,5 34,5 52,6 96,1 41,3 52,2 81,6 8 monthly amount for consumable products purchase what is the monthly amount allocated for the purchase of consumable products of your surgery (excluding implants, orthodontics, and equipment)? base: 282 cases (whole sample) mean: 1.129 1.179 973 1.196 983 1.235 771 837 1.661 886 795 1.383 9 monthly amount for consumable products purchase what is the monthly amount allocated for the purchase of consumable products of your surgery (excluding implants, orthodontics, and equipment)? base: 282 cases (whole sample) mean: 1.129 1.442 883 2.438 1.373 1.443 1.297 2.213 1.659 10 number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least one technician at your practice? 11 if yes, how many? mean: 1,5 dental technicians (vs. 2,0 in 2015) if not, how many laboratories do you cooperate with? mean: 2,5 external laboratories (vs. 2,4 in 2015) base: 282 cases (whole sample) 22 cases with respect to year 2015, the percentage of dentists working with dental technicians in the surgery has increased (3% of surgeries stating to have at least one technician in 2015). indirect restorations provider 185 cases number of indirect restorations per week how many indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) does your practice produce on average in a week (including those made with digital flow, internally or in outsourcing)? 12 mean: 5,9 indirect restorations per week average number of indirect restorations 1 dental unit (3,9) 3 or more dental units (8,1) 1 practicing dentist (3,7) 3 or more practicing dentists (7,3) up to 50 patients per week (4,8) 50+ patients per week (7,3) base: 282 cases (whole sample) 66% of surgeries produce indirect restorations. on average 5,9 indirect restorations per week are produced. scenario analysis digital prosthesis provider 2015: 201 cases scenario: use of digital technologies in practices do you provide your patients with indirect restorations produced with digital technologies (also in full outsourcing)? 14 digital prosthesis provider digital prosthesis providers age of the owner <= 45 (51%) 3 or more dental units (56%) up to 50 patients per week (37%) 50+ patients per week (52%) percentage of surgeries the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 282 cases (whole sample) there is no significant change in comparison to year scenario: indirect restorations production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. percentage of indirect restorations overall production share 2018 % indirect restorations 5,9 100,0% traditional techniques 3,7 62,8% digital workflow 2,2 37,2% total (indirect restorations providers) 185 15 according to dentists, over 50% of the overall production is produced with traditional techniques. these figures differ from what dental technicians declared in the survey targeting dental laboratories, where the overall production share is made of 58% of elements performed with digital workflow and 42% with traditional techniques. this difference could be explained by the fact that dentists do not know how the external laboratory handles the requested works. scenario: indirect restorations production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with digital workflow even with full outsourcing service, and the percentage produced with traditional techniques. percentage of indirect restorations overall production share 2018 % indirect restorations 5,9 100,0% traditional techniques 3,7 62,8% digital workflow 2,2 37,2% total (indirect restorations providers) 185 16 the digital production is higher among digital technologies owners, especially those equipped with a chairside milling unit. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 17 2015: 201 cases the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. the perception about the evolution of the role of digital technologies is not changed in comparison to year by deepening the analysis by segments, a significant difference emerges, between digital technologies users and providers of traditional prosthetics. besides this, its interesting to note the high percentage for the statement digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics among the owners of digital equipment. base: 282 cases (whole sample) scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 18 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 2015: 201 cases the situation is quite similar to the past edition, with the exception of a slight decrease in users of digital technologies who also feel comfortable. the most relevant differences in the stance versus the digital technologies can be observed between digital prosthesis providers and non providers, also, those using either a scanner or a milling unit stated not to feel uncomfortable versus the digital technologies. base: 282 cases (whole sample) scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 19 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 2015: 201 cases the perception about the evolution of the role of dentists and technicians is changed in comparison to year its interesting to note a higher percentage of quotes related to the need for a tighter cooperation between dentists and technicians, and this statement is true especially for the respondents providing digital prostheses already. moreover, among digital technologies owners and scans users, there is a higher incidence of the statement the dentists will need to get more expertise. base: 282 cases (whole sample) mean 2018 2015 scenario: change in the way restorations are performed in your opinion, does the use of the digital technology change the type of restorations? 20 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items. the clustering is the following: not related: the scores grouped in this cluster are not related, rather not related. neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are neutral, rather related. fully related is shown without any grouping. 2015: 201 cases 2,8 2,8 2,5 2,4 base: 282 cases (whole sample) 158 cases change in the way restorations are performed change in the way restorations are performed the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to year 2015, although the percentage of yes slightly decreases, all the different topics got a higher evaluation. when considering the difference versus the overall mean, its interesting to note that a higher gap is for the item materials used, while the positive gap of the item more fixed instead of removable restorations still is unchanged. -3% 5% scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 21 base: 282 cases (whole sample) its interesting to evaluate the different perception among digital technologies users / non users, when considering the most required features from a digital technology provider. the digital technologies users mostly quoted a more convenient price and the need for training and information. on another hand, the non users are rather split between those being not interested and those asking for more training and information, much more than a convenient price. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 22 processing without don't know (235 cases) (150 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to 2015, training and information shows a relevant increase: those items are felt to be more and more important and functional to an effective approach to the digital technologies. a convenient price still is important but to a lesser extent. the percentage of respondents who are not interested in this topic also increased. technologies for production of prosthesis with digital workflow in the practice digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? 24 intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions chairside milling unit the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. (282 cases) (201 cases) (282 cases) (201 cases) the penetration of users for both intraoral scanners and chairside milling units is quite stable, as a slight increase can be noted for the intra oral scanners only. digital technologies: equipment numeric distribution - ranking 25 base: 23 cases (intra-oral scanner owners) base: 23 cases (digital technologies owners) intra-oral scanners to take digital impressions chairside milling units only base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) chairside milling units including scanners due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. what is the brand of your scanners/chairside milling units? overall digital technologies: cad-cam consumable materials - ranking what are the brands of the cad-cam consumable materials that you use with your chairside milling, at your practice? chairside milling unit owners 26 base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. digital workflow in the practices digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 28 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the following chart shows the penetration of the different channels calculated on the whole sample. the partner-lab is the most used channel, with a 41% of users. 5% of providers of digital restorations do have a chairside milling. also, its worth to note the increase in the use of the manufacturer /milling center (16% vs 12% in 2015). since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. (282 cases) (201 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample (282 cases) (201 cases) digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 29 the following chart shows the penetration of the different technologies calculated on the whole sample. among digital technology users, the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send impressions in full outsourcing to partner-labs or manufacturers / milling centers, with a 41% of users, but a slight increase in the use of the scans can be noted (6% vs 4% in 2015). base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample digital technology use - channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 30 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison to the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. for example, among those performing full outsourcing, 38% of them send the impressions to a manufacturer and 97% of them send the impressions to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or models to a partner lab in 8% of the cases they also have a chairside milling unit and in 35% of the cases they also send the scans or impressions to a manufacturer/milling center. channels percentage of surgeries - digital users only digital technology use - technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 31 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison to the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. for example, among those sending scans outside for milling, 44% of them also have a chairside milling unit and 83% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their impressions or scans to a partner lab, 16% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 8% of them also have a chairside milling unit. technologies percentage of surgeries - digital users only digital prosthesis production share considering all indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) produced with digital workflow at your practice, please tell us the percentage of them produced with the following techniques. 32 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) mean (digital prosthesis providers): 3,3 indirect restorations produced with digital workflow per week considering the digital prosthesis providers, 11% of the overall digital prosthesis production is produced with a chairside milling (about 5% in the whole market). by aggregating the information by channel we can say that among digital prosthesis providers, 79% of production is made by partner lab (which becomes 34% on the whole sample) and 10% by manufacturers (which becomes 4% on the whole sample). considering the technologies, 10% of the production is made by scans and 79% by impressions sent outside in full outsourcing mode. considering the whole market (including the non-providers of digital prosthesis), 4% of production is made of scans and 91% by traditional impressions. shares on total sample chairside milling: 5% scans sent outside: 4% traditional impressions: 91% 3d printing 3d printing awareness and use which statement regarding 3d printing in dentistry applies to you? 34 1% owners 99% non-owners despite quite some practices providing customized devices made up from 3d printers (as showed in the following slide), only 1% declare to own a 3d printer in the surgery. rather new but rapidly increasing, 3d printing looks to be well know as to be a digital technology available for dentistry as well: only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it (4%). 3d printing seems to be more widely used among less young dentists and big sized surgeries. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 2015: 201 cases 3d printer users use of 3d printer to produce customized devices do you provide your patients with customized devices performed with 3d printing technologies, also in outsourcing? 35 base: 281 cases (whole sample) 3d printer users percentage of surgeries the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 3d printer users (also in outsourcing) 1 practicing dentist (11%) dental technician in the practice (37%) digital prosthesis providers (45%) most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? 36 n/a n/a the comparison with 2015 results shows a relevant decrease for surgical guides for implant dentistry and fixed substructures. on the contrary, temporary crown and bridges, orthodontics, mobile dentures and impression trays has been quoted more frequently. in the previous edition, models and splints were not in the list of requested items. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. (202 cases) (152 cases) main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? 37 mean by analysing the percentage of quotes of the positive scores (partially and fully agree) it is clear that two out of three are the most relevant items, explaining that the respondents expect an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, and a wider range of materials available. trend analysis % of agree y. 2018 (agree) y. 2015 (yes) 80% 81% 80% 78% 41% 34% base: 282 cases (whole sample) brand awareness digital equipment brands: unaided awareness 39 thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? the unaided awareness represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. dentsply sirona is the most mentioned brand, with a good increase with respect to year among the followers, 3shape and align technology are new entries, while 3m looses some points. ivoclar vivadent and straumann increase their performance as well. (282 cases) (201 cases) overlap index: 1,23 1,09 processing without don't know the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? 40 the unaided awareness is highly affected by the use of a certain product and this is evident by analyzing the breakdown by digital technologies users and owners. base: 282 cases (whole sample) overlap index: 1,44 1,08 1,44 1,43 1,42 1,39 1,65 2,00 processing without don't know digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is worth to underline that some brands like 3m, dentsply sirona, ivoclar vivadent, kavo and straumann show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona and carestream show among the highest values of awareness related to the production of cad-cam equipment. * align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant difference. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 41 total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 282 cases (whole sample) the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness broadly speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands located in the right side of the map, whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right. 42 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness and total awareness digital for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness in the digital segment of brands like carestream and dentsply sirona: the latter, along with align technology, also showing a high relevance index, followed by 3shape and 3m. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 43 digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the map showing the total awareness digital and the relevance highlights that dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total and the unaided awareness and the highest total awareness as well. carestream shows a high performance as well, but with a lower awareness quality, since it is less frequently mentioned spontaneously. on the contrary, align technology is less known, but with a higher awareness quality, being mentioned more frequently in a spontaneous way. base: 282 cases (whole sample) total awareness digital + relevance + 44 brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. in overall, reputation and trust received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (196 quotes) mean 2018 2015 4,3 4,3 4,2 4,2 4,4 4,1 4,2 4,1 4,0 4,0 3,5 3,5 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. 46 brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (43 quotes) dentsply sirona overall mean overall brands (196 quotes) 47 overall (196 quotes) dentsply sirona (43 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 48 focus on recommendation bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 50 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. affordability, trust and reliability are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the analysis for dentsply sirona, highlights that innovation, reputation, trust and reliability are the items with the highest weight on recommendation. also affordability shows a higher than average importance in dentsply sirona recommendation model, but its score resulted to be below average, thus, it should be considered as a critical area of improvement. when considering the overall analysis, not to forget is the quite relevant importance of the item makes daily practice easier, whose score resulted to be below average. items importance average score 51 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical area for improvement the overall analysis highlights that affordable and makes daily practice easier could be considered as strategic factors in the recommendation, because despite a higher than average weight on it, they resulted to perform lower than average. 52 brand positioning factor analysis brand positioning: factor analysis the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. it relies on the concept that the correlations among the variables are not random, because they are due to some existing common factors. the aim is to identify and quantify the above said common factors. the factor analysis is a psychometric analysis, and it is used in the behavioural sciences, like social sciences, marketing, product management and other environments where a big amount of data is present. in this case, we have used the factor analysis to identify the main recommendation drivers for the main brands stated in the unaided awareness. the best results of the factor analysis have been achieved with 3 main factors: reputation customer orientation expensiveness factor 1 (reputation): this factor includes the items related to the image of the company, its ability to be a leading and highly reputable brand and its attitude towards innovation. factor 2 (customer orientation): this factor is made up of those items referring to a certain ability of the company to be customer oriented, not only in terms of customer service, but also with all those aspects regarding the ability to make the daily practice easier and its value for money. factor 3 (expensiveness): this factor is clearly related to the pricing policy and it shows a positive high correlation with the expensiveness, suggesting that a higher price could be a warranty of quality. 3 factors reputation customer orientation expensiveness leading company 0,893 worldwide reknown 0,853 highly reputable 0,782 innovative and at the forefront 0,688 trustworthy 0,625 good price quality ratio 0,813 makes daily practice easier 0,760 affordable 0,696 reliable 0,596 customer service oriented 0,551 too expensive 0,931 54 the displayed values represent the evaluation score of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. for each investigated factor, the horizontal bars represent how much the performance differs from the overall mean (vertical axis). brand positioning: factor analysis - difference from mean + evaluation score dentsply sirona got a higher than average evaluation on reputation and the performance on the expensiveness factor is on par with the overall analysis. the other follower brands got a lower performance in terms of reputation. 55 brand positioning multiple regression analysis brand positioning : multiple regression analysis 39% 12% reputation expensiveness 49% customer orientation in order to complete the factor analysis, it is important to also assess the weight of these factors on the recommendation to understand if an improvement in one of them can also affect the way a particular brand is recommended. therefore, these factors are used as a basis for a further analysis, called multiple regression analysis that aims to understand how they explain the recommendation. the figure \"r2 = 0,645\" means that about 65% of the recommendation is explained and it is based on the given factors. the overall model shows that the weight of the customer orientation factor is about 49%, therefore the importance of this factor is relevant. the second most important factor is the reputation and expensiveness show the lowest weights. recommendation (r2=0,645) 57 brand positioning : multiple regression analysis the chart highlights the weight of the analyzed factors on the recommendation, for dentsply sirona and for the other brands in overall, with the aim to understand if an improvement in one of them can also affect the way a given brand is recommended. in comparison to the overall breakdown, dentsply sirona is characterized by a lower than the average weight of customer orientation and a higher weight of expensiveness. 58 intention to buy technology intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase? non-owners 60 base: 259 cases intention to buy age of the owner > 55 (25%) opening year before 1999 (27%) opening year 1999-2018 (44%) 3 or more dental units (51%) due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. base: 94 cases intention to buy the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned a certain brand. technology intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if not, why?", "type": "Document"}}