{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "thanks to the factor analysis, some perceived image drivers are identified with regard to the known brands in the cad-cam digital world. 59 in order to better understand the main positioning drivers in the target's imagery, a three-factor reduction of all the investigated items was carried out, with the aim of summarizing and explaining how this phenomenon is perceived in the sample imagery. in general, the analysis shows a profound difference in the brand perception between the two different targets (dentists and dental technicians). the first ones are mostly in an initial phase of approach to the market, with a still very low incidence of users, and recognize to the brands elements linked to the image (leadership) above all. on the contrary, dental technicians, with a user rate of around 50%, prefer to mention and value practical elements of product reliability and close relationship. digital technology penetration digital technologies in dental practices digital technologies owners and intention to buy clinic digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? 62 intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions chairside milling unit the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. by considering the whole sample, the left sided charts highlight that the chairside milling unit growth is flat, while the intra-oral scanner owners have increased from 8% to 13% (more than 60%). thanks to the flash equipment italy (based on real sell-out figures), it is possible to validate this information, as the moving annual total growth between the periods 2015-2018 confirms a noticeable increase of intra- oral scanner units sold. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase? non-owners 63 base: 245 cases intention to buy due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned a certain brand. base: 90 cases intention to buy 1 dental unit (19%) 3 or more dental units (55%) 1 practicing dentist (24%) 3 or more practicing dentists (60%) 50+ patients per week (51%) clinic intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if not, why? non-owners 64 base: 245 cases intention to buy base: 155 cases the most relevant resistances to buy are related to the costs. also, it is interesting to note the high number of quotes related to dentists that are close to retirement, and because of an estimated low demand. the poor precision of the system is not among the top three reasons. clinic intention to buy: chairside cad-cam milling unit are you willing to purchase a chairside cad-cam milling unit within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase? non-owners 65 base: 268 cases base: 22 cases intention to buy intention to buy 3 or more dental units (18%) 1 practicing dentist (2%) 3 or more practicing dentists (19%) due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. clinic intention to buy: chairside cad-cam milling unit are you willing to purchase a chairside cad-cam milling unit within 2 years? if not, why? non-owners 66 base: 268 cases intention to buy base: 246 cases again, the most relevant resistances to buy are related to the costs, but this time the retirement is only fourth, leaving the place to quotes denoting a lack of interest, such as i dont need it, or because of a kind of mistrust in this technology, in the case of i prefer the traditional method, ranked third. clinic intention to buy intention to buy: 3d printing unit are you willing to purchase a 3d printing unit within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase? non-owners 67 base: 279 cases base: 36 cases intention to buy 3 or more dental units (24%) 1 practicing dentist (6%) 3 or more practicing dentists (26%) 50+ patients per week (25%) clinic due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. for this reason the chart shows the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. intention to buy: 3d printing unit are you willing to purchase a 3d printing unit within 2 years? if not, why? non-owners 68 base: 279 cases intention to buy base: 243 cases in this case, the price issue is more than ever close to other factors, thus, its not the most predominant anymore, followed closely by a certain apparent lack of interest in this technology. as for the cad-cam milling unit, the preference for the traditional method comes third. broadly speaking, it looks like the accuracy of the system is a concern pertaining the scanning step, more than the actual production of the elements, be it performed by mean of either a milling or a 3d printing unit. clinic intention to buy intention to buy: overall are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner, a chairside cad-cam milling unit or a 3d printing unit within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase?", "type": "Document"}}