{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the information and data provided is not guaranteed in any way by key-stone or its analysts, managers, partners, agents or authors. this report, by default, carries a single license and is copyrighted. it should therefore not be copied or reproduced in any form, by any means, in part or in whole without a written permission from key-stone s.r.l. reproducing, photocopying or redistributing of this report or other reports from key-stone s.r.l. to other sites, facilities, units, divisions, affiliates or corporate offices of the purchasers organization is prohibited. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 3 methodology glossary the confidence level indicates the reliability level of the research. for example, a confidence level equal to 95% means that the phenomenon pointed out by the research is true at 95% of certainty. the confidence interval indicates how much the research data diverge from reality. as the sample results, even if representative, cannot be perfectly correspondent to those obtainable interviewing the entire population. each research has an approximation degree, which represents the maximum error of the research. for example, a confidence interval of 3% indicates that if the research phenomenon is equal to 60%, the result can change, in comparison with the reference universe, by an extra 3% or a minus 3% and in this way it is included between 63% (60% +3%) and 57% (60% -3%). sample composition the interviews were performed, between july and september of 2015, by our team of specialists, with the support of a cati system. the total number of interviews performed for this research is 1.000 dental practices and 722 dental laboratories. statistical note - dental practices confidence interval: 7,35% the number of interviews conducted in each country was about 200 as shown here at (a). the weight of the surveyed countries regarding the dental practices is shown at (b). the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the number of dental practices is a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the number of the surgeries for that country, out of the total evaluated countries. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 4 in this case, the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameter considered. therefore, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameter used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). statistical note dental laboratories confidence interval: 8,39% the number of interviews conducted in each country were about 150 as shown here at (a). the average weight of the surveyed countries was calculated considering two parameters: number of dental laboratories and business collected from a panel of major manufacturers in europe for the consumable market (the fast track analysis europe), shown at (b). key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 5 the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the parameters considered (number of laboratories and fast track europe* business) are a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the parameters indicated for that country, out of the total (number of laboratories and fast track business) evaluated countries. in this case, since the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameters considered, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameters used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). ____________________ fast track europe: quantitative analysis at sell-in values performed by mean of a representative panel of the most important manufacturers in the technical segment, which evaluates the trend and the breakdown by country and product segment of the most important families of technical products. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 6 macro trends / scenario dental practices this chapter analyses the dental practices statements about digital technologies, the offer in the clinics, the use, the acceptance and the impact in the results. also, the investigation took into consideration the feeling about the future development and attitude towards the digital technologies. the dental practices were invited to describe how they think the restoration results will change, about the future role of their job, the relationship with the technicians and the main players involved in the new technologies market. presence of dental technicians in the practice and partnership with laboratories technicians working at the dental office chart penetration of dental practices with technicians europe vs. breakdown per country as shown in the graphics, in germany the penetration of technicians in the lab is the highest in europe with 31% of the dental offices with at least one dental technician. followed by italy (9%) and france (7%). 5% only of uk practices state to have at least a technician working at the practice. this value should be considered as an indication only as the number of cases is very low, so is not statistically relevant. as an indication, the average number of technicians working at the practice - when this is the case - is not much different from the overall (1,4 uk vs 1,6 overall). key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 7 cooperation with external laboratories chart cooperation with external laboratories - europe vs. breakdown per country uk and spain are the countries that tend to be provided by more than one laboratory. this means that in those countries, the competition between laboratories can be higher or the laboratories are more specialized in certain types of treatments. use of digital technologies in practices indirect restorations performed with digital technologies chart digital technologies offer europe vs. breakdown per country analyzing the use of digital technologies and the european mean (32%), spain, italy and germany seem to be the countries where digital indirect restorations are performed the most. in other hand, in comparison to the european average, where 68% of the dental practices do not offer digital technologies, uk in specific looks to be an important exception, showing some resistance in the use of this kind of technology. at the same time, this topic can be regarded as a relevant development potential of the digital market in those countries. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 8 use of digital technologies breakdown by channel and technology in overall, for the remaining 32% of dental practices in europe offering digital restorations, they were invited to specify how they offer this service. chart use of digital technologies breakdown by channel the most frequent way to provide digital restorations is through partner laboratories, possibly located close to the practice, by sending them either the impressions or the scans. 16% of respondents send their impressions (or scans) to a manufacturer/milling center, while a relevant 14% of the sample provides digital restorations through their own chairside-milling unit. chart use of digital technologies breakdown by channel europe vs. breakdown per country key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 9 with regard to the analysis by channels, spain and france show the highest percentages of use of the manufacturer/milling center as the preferred channel, while italy shows the highest percentage of respondents owning a chairside-milling unit. uk shows a higher than average percentage of respondents stating to use a chairside milling and so is for the respondents stating to send their impressions/scans to a manufacturer/milling center. this result may mean a higher use of more advanced technologies by uk dentists, besides the low sample. considering the reduced number of cases, this information can be only considered as an indication. chart use of digital technologies breakdown by technology with regard to the technologies used, the traditional impression is by far the most used one. 14% of the respondents use a chairside milling, and 11% of respondents stated to use an intraoral scanner with which they send the scans outside (to a partner lab or a manufacturer/milling center) for milling. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 10 chart use of digital technologies breakdown by technology europe vs. breakdown per country the analysis by country highlights italy as the one with the highest penetration of intraoral scanners and chairside milling users among digital restorations providers. despite a low number of cases, uk shows a different behavior compared to the rest of the evaluated countries, with a higher than average percentages shown in the use of both intraoral scanners and chairside milling units. considering the reduced number of cases, this information can only be considered as an indication.", "type": "Document"}}