{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to prosthesis production with digital workflow prosthesis production with digital workflow quantitative aspects number of cad-cam elements per week how many cad-cam elements are made in your laboratory per week, including those produced in full outsourcing? overall production please, note that a given share of in-house production is produced for third party laboratories, therefore the below table also shows the production for dentists, thus excluding the production for third parties. this is the relevant information to calculate the breakdown of the production by channel. percentage of laboratories trend analysis 2018 2017 2016 2015 2013 2012 18-17 up to 2 31% 30% 44% 39% 52% 42% 1,0% from 3 to 10 37% 47% 38% 46% 37% 48% 9,5% more than 10 32% 23% 18% 15% 11% 10% 8,4% total (providers of cad-cam elements) 417 368 353 345 327 307 average number of elements per week 10,3 9,3 6,5 6,2 4,4 6,1 production for dentists only 9,9 8,9 5,7 5,7 4,1 5,1 total (providers of cad-cam elements) 417 368 353 345 327 307 118 average number of cad-cam elements north east (13,1) age of the owner <=45 anni (13,9) opening year 1999-2018 (13,1) 1 technician (5,3) 3 or more technicians (16,8) up to 4 served practices (4,9) 5 or more served practices (14,1) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. labo cad-cam production share 119 to calculate the production share by channel and technology we have to exclude the elements produced in-house for other laboratories, to avoid the double counting of the same elements. according to the statements of the interviewed laboratories (the channel / brand consistency should be verified), the following data processing allows to split the productions as indicated. considering the technologies used 40,4% of production is made from scans and 8,3% from sending models using a full outsourcing modality. aggregating the information by channels we can say that 18,5 % of production is made by partner lab and 30,2% by manufacturers. in-house production for dental surgery production for other laboratories scanner scans sent to other laboratories scans sent to manufacturers full outsourcing models sent to other laboratories models sent to manufacturers total production vs. dentists in-house (for dentists) partner lab - scans partner lab - models manufacturers - scans manufacturers - models partner lab - scans partner lab - models manufacturers - scans manufacturers - models production for labs in-house partner-lab manufacturer scans models production for dentists internal production outsourcing 5,5 elements 0,4 elements 1,3 elements (13,1% ) 0,5 elements (5,4% ) 2,7 elements (27,3% ) 0,3 elements (2,9%) 5,1 elementi (51,3%) overall production for dentists: 9,9 elements (100%) labo base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) cad-cam production share: synthesis trend analysis 120 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. to calculate the production share by channel and technology we have to exclude the elements produced in-house for other laboratories, to avoid the double counting of the same elements. according to the statements of the interviewed laboratories (the channel / brand consistency should be verified), the following data processing allows to split the productions as indicated. base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) the trend analysis highlights an increasing share for the in-house production mostly at the expense of the production made by the partner-labs, undergoing a turnaround since even among the laboratories that outsource production using manufacturers or partner- labs, a greater propensity to send scans emerges compared to the adoption of absolut full outsourcing. labo fixed prosthesis production share integrated processing on dental practices and laboratories percentage of elements clinic+labo the base refers to the whole universe of reference (including those who do not provide patients with prosthesis from digital workflow). 121 overall production share by technology and channel technologies elements made with traditional impressions: 83% elements made with optical impressions: 16% elements made in the practice with chairside system: 7% prosthesis production with digital workflow focus on production technologies labo production share by technology: synthesis taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? production share by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? in-house base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) percentage of elements labo 123 this information is crucial to calculate the breakdown of the production, because the share of production towards other laboratories must be deducted from the overall production to extrapolate the one related to dentists only. currently, prosthetic laboratories produce internally 53% of all the frameworks through their own milling unit. however, a part of this production is directed to other laboratories (7%): they are supplied with digital prosthesis by equipped laboratories, instead of addressing to a milling center. production share by technology: synthesis taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? production share by technology production sent to dental practices only (production for other laboratories is excluded) percentage of elements trend analysis 2018 % 2017 % 2016 % 2015 % 2013 % 2012 % 18-17 number of cad-cam elements 9,9 100,0% 8,9 100,0% 5,7 100,0% 5,7 100,0% 4,1 100,0% 5,1 100,0% in-house elements (sent to dental practices) 5,1 51,3% 3,4 38,6% 2,0 34,8% 1,9 32,8% 1,0 23,6% 1,1 21,2% 12,7% elements from scans 4,0 40,3% 3,9 43,9% 2,4 42,2% 2,5 44,4% 1,5 37,5% 2,0 38,5% 3,6% elements from scans sent to other laboratories 1,3 13,1% 1,3 14,2% 0,8 14,1% 1,0 17,2% 0,6 14,0% 0,6 11,4% 1,2% elements from scans sent to manufacturers 2,7 27,3% 2,7 29,7% 1,6 28,1% 1,6 27,2% 1,0 23,5% 1,4 27,1% 2,4% elements from full outsourcing 0,8 8,3% 1,6 17,5% 1,3 23,1% 1,3 22,8% 1,6 38,9% 2,1 40,3% 9,2% elements from models sent to other laboratories 0,5 5,4% 0,8 8,4% 0,7 12,6% 1,1 18,8% 1,1 27,0% 1,4 27,0% 3,0% elements from models sent to manufacturers 0,3 2,9% 0,8 9,1% 0,6 10,5% 0,2 4,0% 0,5 11,9% 0,7 13,4% 6,1% total (providers of cad-cam elements) 417 368 353 344 327 307 the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. labo 124 considering only the production for dentists, the production increases compared to 2017 and the increase of the production through the internal milling unit is confirmed as well. production share by technology: synthesis taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? production share by technology the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) labo 125 production sent to dental practices only (production for other laboratories is excluded) percentage of elements in recent years, the weight of the elements made through the laboratory's own internal milling unit has increased considerably. besides, it should also be considered that, in the meantime, the total number of laboratories supplying their customers with digital prosthesis has also increased strongly, as shown by the enormous development of the number of elements produced with digital systems. milling technique techniques penetration and production share considering all elements produced with digital workflow (also full outsourcing), what percentage is produced with the sintering technique and what percentage is produced with the milling technique? sintering technique 69% of laboratories supplying prosthesis made with digital workflow declare to use the sintering technique, a percentage that rises to 89% respect to the milling technique. cad-cam production share % number of cad-cam elements 10,3 100,0% sintering technique 4,2 41,1% milling technique 6,1 58,9% total (providers of cad-cam elements) 417 base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) percentage of elements percentage of laboratories considering all the elements produced, over a half is made with the milling technique. labo 126 prosthesis production with digital workflow materials in blocks materials in discs labo materials for in-house production considering all the elements produced with your milling unit, what percentage is produced with blocks and what percentage with discs? in-house percentage of laboratories base: 108 cases (milling units owners) percentage of elements in-house production share 2018 % in-house 21,2 100% materials in blocks 1,6 7% materials in discs 19,7 93% total (milling units owners) 108 labo materials in blocks materials in discs only 36% of laboratories equipped with internal milling units use materials in blocks, while 94% use discs. the production deriving from discs, in terms of number of elements, represents over 90% of the total production in the laboratory. 128 materials for in-house production: production share considering the prosthetic elements produced with your milling unit, what percentage do you use the following materials? (sintering and milling technique) in-house base: 108 cases (milling units owners) percentage of elements labo 129 in-house production total processing in-house production definitive elements only in-house production: 21,2 elements per week materials for in-house production: production share considering the prosthetic elements produced with your milling unit, what percentage do you use the following materials? (sintering and milling technique) overall production percentage of elements base: 417 cases (providers of cad-cam elements) labo this processing includes both outsourcing and in-house 130 overall production total processing overall production definitive elements only overall production: 10,3 elements per week italy 2019 attachment focus on the main brands brand awareness and positioning perceived brand image brand positioning: dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 133 dentsply sirona (78 quotes) densply sirona overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 134 reliability, trust and good price quality ratio are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. clinic items importance average score not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation dentsply sirona 135 clinic only the item \"good quality / price ratio\" is in the critical area of improvement. however, even the \"trustworthy\" item is very close to the area's demarcation line. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 136 3shape (45 quotes) 3shape overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 137 it is interesting to note that for 3shape the price items are not significant for the recommendation. the most important items, on the contrary, are high reputation, trust and reliability. clinic items importance average score not significant not significant not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape 138 clinic reliability and trust, two of the most important items are in the critical area, followed by the ability to simplify daily work. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: carestream with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 139 carestream (33 quotes) carestream overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? carestream 140 for carestream, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. also in this case, the items related to the price are not significant. clinic items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation carestream 141 clinic the items makes daily practice easier and trustworthy looks to be somehow critical in carestream recommendation model, as they are located in the critical area. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape overall labo 3shape (127 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) 142 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape labo items importance average score not significant not significant 143 the same items present in the overall analysis are those more relevant to 3shape recommendation model. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape labo 144 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the ability to make the daily practice easier is felt to be an important item whose average score proved to be lower than average, and this is true also for the item trustworthy. dentsply sirona (76 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) brand positioning: dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona overall labo 145 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? denstply sirona items importance average score labo not significant 146 the recommendation for dentsply sirona looks to be slightly different from the overall analysis, as the ability to make the daily practice easier looks to be the most relevant item, along with innovation, in the construction of the recommendation. trustworthy and customer orientation look to be quite relevant too. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation denstply sirona labo 147 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and the ability to be customer service oriented. zirkonzahn (70 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn overall labo 148 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn labo items importance average score not significant 149 in the evaluation of zirkonzahn brand performance, apart from reliability and innovation, the ability to be a leading brand seems to be important in the construction of the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation zirkonzahn labo 150 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. like it happens for dentsply sirona, it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and to be customer service oriented. in the zirkonzahn map, trustworthy is present in this area, too. dental wings (42 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: dental wings with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dental wings overall labo 151 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dental wings items importance average score not significant not significant not significant labo 152 the correlation analysis for dental wings looks quite similar to the overall analysis, where the most relevant items received high scores as well. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation dental wings labo 153 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. nobil metal (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: nobil metal with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. nobil metal overall labo 154 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? nobil metal labo 155 not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for nobil metal, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation nobil metal labo solo litem buon rapporto qualit/prezzo si trova nellarea critica di miglioramento. 156 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. roland (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: roland with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. roland overall labo 157 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? roland per roland, gli items pi importanti ai fini della raccomandazione sono la fiducia, linnovazione e il buon rapporto qualit prezzo. labo 158 not significant not significant items importance average score items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation roland labo 159 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. only the item \"good quality / price ratio\" is in the critical area of improvement. there are several items on which resources are not worth investing. customer experience analysis due to the reduced number of cases, it is possible to perform the analysis by brand only for the sample of laboratories satisfaction score: open technologies lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) open technologies overall 161 open technologies (42 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies labo the correlation analysis highlights how for open technologies the overall satisfaction is not influenced by items generally valid for other companies, which are not significant. only two items among those proposed are relevant, therefore it would be necessary to further investigate if there are any other drivers of satisfaction. 162 items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant satisfaction score: 3shape lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) 3shape overall labo 163 3shape (31 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape labo 164 the number of relevant items is lower in the correlation analysis model for 3shape, however, the reliability and the ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. - items importance + average score + overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction 3shape waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement labo 165 the map for 3shape shows a quite satisfactory situation, as all items being relevant to the construction of the satisfaction are placed in the uper right side of the map. satisfaction score: dental wings lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) dental wings overall labo 166 dental wings (28 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? dental wings labo 167 not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for dental wings, accuracy, reliability and ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction dental wings labo waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement items importance + average score + 168 the correlation analysis map for dental wings clearly show that one of the most relevant items in the construction of the satisfaction - handiness / ease of use - didnt receive satisfactory scores, therefore it is placed in the critical area in the lower right quadrant of the map. satisfaction score: amann girrbach lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) amann girrbach overall labo 169 amann girrbach (25 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach labo not significant items importance average score 170 the correlation analysis on amann girrbach statements highlights that reliability and technical assistance are very important items, along with a wide range of procedures and the fact of being able to achieve a simplified daily practice. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction amann girrbach waste/inefficiency indifference items importance + average score + strength points critical areas of improvement labo 171 the correlation map for amann girrbach is quite coherent and consistent , although a few items look to be weaker than other, because they show a higher than average weight on the overall satisfaction, but they received a lower than average satisfaction score. this is the case of frequency of sw updates, technical assistance and company availability and flexibility. other indicators: perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) mean base: 365 quotes base: 31 quotes base: 28 quotes base: 25 quotes base: 42 quotes labo 172 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to mean (365 quotes) (31 quotes) (28 quotes) (25 quotes) (42 quotes) other indicators: repurchase intention score 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) labo 173 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. other indicators: net promoter score how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) labo mean n.p.s (365 quotes) (31 quotes) (28 quotes) (25 quotes) (42 quotes) 174 the possible answers have been further clustered. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}