{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "sirona users make up about 90% of owners and, therefore, have a behavior very similar to the analyzed sample, with a slightly higher weight of after sales. the regression analysis is a multivariate statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, satisfaction) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the satisfaction of a given brand. the figure r2=0.716 means that about 72% of the satisfaction is explained and based on these factors: owners sample loyalty metrics 37 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or non-advocate\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of non-advocates from the distribution percentage of advocates, to show the actual impact of mouth to mouth indication. perceived value inclination to recommend repurchase intention mean mean mean up to which point do you agree that cad-cam products of the following manufacturers worth their purchase price? what is the likelyhood of you recommending cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you had to replace your current cad-cam, system, how likely would it be that for you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* 28% the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk of, in the future, the product no longer being used. lower scores in repurchase intention have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still use this product in the future. even if the perception of perceived value is negative, this item does not impact on the trend towards recommendation or repurchase intention. high cost/benefit average cost/benefit low cost/benefit advocate neutral non-advocate low risk medium risk high risk owners sample potential market for cad-cam cad-cam world overview position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 40 base: 570 cases total sample random sample analyzing the clusters of dental practices, it can be noticed among younger dentists, among practices with higher number of chairs and among practices the serve predominantly patients of a high social class, a higher level than the average for comfort with cad-cam technology. position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 41 base: 570 cases total sample still analyzing the practices clusters, we have perceived some other patterns regarding comfort with cad-cam technologies. those with a higher number of consultations per week, specially those with a monthly expenditure with consumables above brl 1,500 feel more comfortable with the technologies. random sample position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 42 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing from the practices management point of view, in their majority, practices with a business plan, knowledge of work hour and their costs and profit margins, are inclined to be more comfortable and closer to cad-cam technologies. random sample influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way protheses are made in brazil? 43 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists random sample it is interesting to notice how most interviewees stated that new digital technologies will replace traditional prostheses. in the analysis of respondents' profiles, it is noticed that among practices with mostly a and b classes patients, the perception that cad-cam will replace traditional prostheses is higher than in other clusters. influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way prostheses are made in brazil? 44 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists among the clusters of number of consults, prints and monthly expenses, the respondents show themselves to be coherent with the national average as for their perception of the future of cad- cam technology in prostheses. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 45 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing the penetration of cad-cam technologies in demographic clusters, we see between the age clusters a similar penetration, however between the clusters of number of chairs and social class, we perceive a slight penetration of frequently and regularly among practices with more than two chairs and in office where most patients belong to a and b classes. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 46 base: 570 cases total sample in production and service clusters, we perceive small trends very similar to the national average between all clusters, with a slight exception of practices with monthly expenses above brl 1,500, which are inclined to offer cad- cam restorations and prostheses more frequently. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 47 base: 570 cases total sample in the practice management cluster, the trends are also very similar to the national average between all the clusters. the two differentiating parameters are, certainly, the presence of a business plan and the presence of a prosthesis technician in the office. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? 48 base: 239 cases cad-cam users considering that only 42% of the sample offers cad-cam prostheses and that 4.7% of these have a chairside, it is calculated that there is less than 2% of cad-cam in brazil. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? focus on cad-cam users 49 base: 239 cases cad-cam users among the management indicators, we see a relatively higher average penetration of cad-cam equipment installed among practices with a business plan. such phenomenon can be indicative of a correlation between the maturity of management of a practice and the purchase of a cad-cam equipment. random sample brand awareness analysis cad-cam equipment 51 glossary unaided awareness represents the whole set of brands of a given product family that is recalled by the interviewed sample. within the borders of unaided awareness, the consumer decides reasonably to make a purchase. top of mind it is the first brand mentioned by the interviewee, related to a given product family. it is the closest indicator of \"intention to buy\" or of the current use of the products and is strictly linked to the brand's value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of awareness quality and estimates the brand's ability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless their global awareness. relevance index it is the relationship between unaided awareness and recalled awareness. it defines the brand's ability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness which manufacturers (cad-cam) of intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit come to your mind? 52 base: 570 cases total sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the prominence index, in which a higher value indicates the brand's capacity to represent a products family. 13% of dentists know sirona as a brand, but only 11% of them know it to the point of mentioning it as first brand. the prominence index represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewee: the sum of percentage is 127%, i.e., in average, each dental office mentions more than 1 brand. random sample cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness do you know any of these brands? 53 base: 570 cases total sample the relevance index is important because it highlights the ability of a brand to be spontaneously recalled by interviewees, therefore, potentially when they need to make a purchase decision. in this preparation, statements that bring the product's name instead of the brand were expressed in this analysis (for instance: cerec, that obtained 4% of spontaneous notoriety, was summed to sironia's spontaneous notoriety). random sample relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence do you know any of these brands? 54 base: 570 cases total sample the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously first (prominence). in the b2b market, prominence is closely linked to the use of product. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more frequently than average. in the upper left side there are brands with an above average ability to be recalled spontaneously, but with less frequency than the average are mentioned as the first brands. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be recalled, but compared to the average, they are more frequently recalled as first brands. these are brands more recalled by their users, in their majority. amann girrbach has a low brand notoriety, but may be a future competitor to sirona in cad-cam equipment. planmeca is in a niche (almost elite) position, and if it improves its communication strenght, it may earn a relevant position in the digital technolgies world. random sample recommendation to colleagues cad-cam brands correlation analysis the correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and to measure the influence of independent variables (in this case, current and former users) over the dependent one (in this case, overall satisfaction). it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve an \"importance hierarchy\" of individual demonstrations and to show them in a chart and, then, in a map. the vertical axis always shows the rating that the different instructions have received, in an average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence over the global recommendation. thus, we get an \"estimated importance\" of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a little different of that explicitly declared. the analysis of each factor's weigh, and not only the stated importance, allows some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according with the viewpoint with which they are considered: 56 statistical grade recommendation before the whole market: here we can emphasize some prerequisites (each upper right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors are before the market), some key factors to success (lower right corner of the map, where the companies are not always able to be recommended regarding strategical matters), and indifference areas (lower left corner), that constitute waste/inefficiency areas when a company decides to invest in such items belonging to the upper left corner of the map, since they are prone to meet the market, but they really do not affect the overall recommendation. recommendation regarding a specific company: here the scheme is the same, but the strong points are highlighted in the upper right corner of the map, where we can establish the inefficiency or low differentiation when placed in the left side of the map. in the lower right corner we can notice an improvement area, where we can meet the weak points of a given company. ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues ranking of hierarchy of importance of items. whole sample 57 in the charts at the side are represented the weight of the items over brand recommendation. the items reliable, makes day-by-day easier and innovative and avant- garde are the items with higher impact in overall recommendation. items related with the price have lower global influence over the recommendation. for those who already have a cad-cam equipment (fundamental opinion), the quality-price relationship results to be less important. weight per item on the recommendation score focus on the mean not significant whole sample (255 quotes) weight on the recommendation items score + + ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues how much worth individual items on recommendation? whole sample vs. sirona users 58 whole sample (255 mentions) in the lower right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much lower score than the average. in the upper right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much higher score than the average. pillars of brand image construction positioning drivers 59 factorial analysis aims to synthesize data, summarizing information contained in many variables in some synthetical factors. the purpose is to identify an underlying structure to a set of observed variables and to resume this substructure with a reduced number of main variables. whole sample the reduction of factors allows to individuate the main positioning drivers and to make some considerations: product / service: this factor is characterized by components related to the products performance features and a series of elements related to the service. it should be noticed that \"reliable\" is an ambivalent 2-factors item, since it reflects a meaning that is connected either to product reliability or to brand confidence. brand: includes all items related with brand reputation and its importance in the market, also in the international level. convenient: includes items that express a concept of convenience and good cost-benefit relationship. expensive: contains a single item that rates the brand as very expensive. this factor appears completely isolated of others, as we will see from the multiple regression analysis, its influence over a brand recommendation will prove not to be statistically significant. product / service brand convenient expensive make the daily practice easier 0,844 cutting edge and innovative 0,768 trustworthy 0,526 0,521 customer service oriented 0,522 well renowned brand 0,837 leading company in the segment 0,793 easy procurement 0,874 good value/price ratio 0,735 too expensive 0,968 the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 60 recommendation total 49% 22% product / service convenient 30% brand in general terms, the items related with the \"product / service\" factor are dominant in the determination of recommendation, corresponding almost to half of total. the brand component is the second to be considered in the determination of recommendation, though for a considerable distance. finally, convenient\" represents 22% in the determination of recommendation. the last factor, expensive, emerges in the analysis as not significant: while the convenience, regardless having a lower weight than other factors, is still one of the determinants' for recommendation, i.e., the fact that the brand is expensive does not affect brand recommendation. the regression analysis is a multivaried statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, recommendation) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (recommendation) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall recommendation, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the likelyhood of a brand to be recommended. the figure r2=0.395 means that about 40% of the recommendation is explained and based on these factors: expensive not significant whole sample the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 61 the chart shows how the recommendation is made for the general sample and for the owners of a cad-cam equipment. compared with what was seen in the factorial analysis, where the price was a secondary element in brand awareness, when data is correlated with the inclination to recommend the brand to a colleague, the price comes out of variables considered, and it becomes a non-relevant element for the recommendation. those who already have a cad-cam equipment, present significant differences compared to the whole sample: in this case, actually, the convenience\" factor also becomes not significant for recommendation purposes, but the items that make up the item \"product / service\" seem to be very relevant for more than half of the inclination to recommend the brand. whole sample buying intention cad-cam buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 63 base: 498 cases non owners random sample the buying intention certainly yes of 5% is reduced to 4.5% including orthodontists. for respondents who claimed not to have a cad-cam equipment in their office, their future purchase intention was consulted. on the other hand, practices that already have 2 or more chairs are inclined to be more disposed to purchase. between clusters related to the patient's social class, the interest is predominantly averse, with the exception of practices with customers of a and b classes, that in 50% of answers showed to be willing to acquire a cad-cam equipment buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 64 base: 498 cases non owners as a trend, the practices with more consults and prints are more prone to be interested in buying a cad- cam equipment in the next two years. random sample buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 65 base: 498 cases non owners following the trend of owners, those with a business plan, costs knowledge and profits have higher likelyhood of buying a cad-cam equipment in the near future. random sample buying intention: probably/certainly not why probably/certainly not? 66 base: 308 cases not interested the price is the most important parameter of resistance for the purchase of an equipment. -the price problem is strongly felt in so paulo (62%) with the increase of age, the issue of price loses importance (35% for those who are more than 50 years old). -when a dentist already uses frequently the technology (through a laboratory) and feels comfortable with it, having no intention to invest in the future, it is almost exclusively because of the cost. -when we see resistance to the purchase between potential profiles (many prostheses, many implants, larger revenue, etc.), the reason, most times, is high price, not low demand. *this first analysis should be understood in qualitative terms, specially, we will afterwards investigate the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: probably/certainly yes why probably/certainly yes? 67 base: 190 cases potentially interested among the main factors indicated as a reason for a potential purchase, are justified related factors the improvement of quality and final result, followed by innovation. *this issue should be understood mostly in quality terms, we will afterwards see the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: intra-oral scanner or cad-cam milling unit do you think about buying only the scanner or also the mill? 68 base: 190 cases potentially interested among those who think about futurely investing in cad-cam technology, half of them thinks about buying a chairside. random sample buying intention: intraoral scanner which intraoral scanner brands you should evaluate to buy? 69 base: 185 cases potentially interested regardless the high number of respondents that claim not to know which brand to evaluate for a possible purchase, among the brands mentioned to be evaluated for a possible buy of intraoral scanner sirona is predominant. it is interesting to notice that in 4% of cases, the name cerec came out spontaneously. random sample buying intention: cad-cam chairside milling unit which cad-cam milling units brands you should evaluate to buy? 70 base: 90 cases potentially interested for chairside the percentage of does not know is even higher, getting to 82%. the 16% of respondents are interested in evaluating sirona and cerec, again considering 3% of the cases where cerec was mentioned. random sample demand of other services what should the supplier (manufacturer) of cad-cam (intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit) technologies offer to improve or enhance the way how you make restorations and prostheses in your practice? 71 base: 570 cases total sample a manufacturer will have to clearly support the users of digital technology, in terms of training and information, being one of the factors that dentists expect from a cad- cam manufacturer. the training factor (transversal in all segments) is followed by financial factors, such as better financing purchases and facilitation of shared purchase. in this case, the financial factors weigh as less important for the older dentists, and weigh for larger and more performing practices. random sample some conclusions 72 the world of users, in this moment, is concentrated in an elite, but it is foreseen an increase of target clients, even if with a low profile in terms of status. the reasons for purchase were made in a spontaneous and guided manner, and there are four main reason for the purchase: productivity quality of the result independence of the laboratory innovation the main reasons for purchases in the guided inquiry highlight three important drivers: orientation to the future added value to the own value independence these different drivers are relative to different kinds of clients, particularly, those more oriented to the economic management and less interested with independence and added value. those oriented to independence and to the future present a less rational profile.", "type": "Document"}}