{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "region cases % 1 north west 142 31% 2 north east 98 22% 3 centre 96 21% 4 south and islands 119 26% total 455 100% segmentation data demographic segmentation demographic and structural segmentation 7 2,3 dental chairs mean: 1994 52 years 1,3 full time dentists base: 455 cases total sample random sample stratification socio-demographic 8 random sample monthly expenditure on consumable materials in-house lab mean: 1.511 (1.016 cati vs 2.140 cawi) base: 455 cases total sample sample stratification parameters research methodology stratification of the practice activity 9 random sample mean: 37,2 patients per week number of weekly appointments number of precision impressions a week mean: 6,7 precision impressions a week number of implants placed in the last year mean: 56,3 implants placed in the last year base: 455 cases total sample stratification of the practice management modalities 10 random sample base: 455 cases total sample business/ marketing strategic plan awareness of the hourly costs awareness of the cost of treatments and markup does your clinic develop a business plan or strategic marketing plan? are you aware of the price per working hour of your team? are you aware of the prices and the margins of the treatments/therapies? the objective of this section is to create psychographics clusters to categorize the dental practices according to the managerial attitude the world of cad-cam technology users overall scenario cad-cam prostheses offering do you provide your patients with cad-cam indirect restorations produced at your practice or by suppliers/laboratories? 12 random sample base: 455 cases total sample 22% 27% 31% 20% mai raramente spesso regolarmente (sempre o quasi sempre) the weight of the practices offering digital workflow prosthesis is doubles in three years, even though for many of them still is an occasional solution. cad-cam prostheses offering do you provide your patients with cad-cam indirect restorations produced at your practice or by suppliers/laboratories? 13 in the practices with higher performance increases the number of prostheses and restorations produced using cad-cam, in the practices whose monthly expense for materials is higher than 900 euros (26%) and in the practices where more than 50 implants per year are placed (31%). in the practices with an improved business management the regular offer of prostheses and restorations produced using cad-cam is higher: in the practices having a marketing plan (30%) compared with practices that do not have it (17%). in the practices where the owner's age is less than 45 years (28%). in the practices with more than 3 equivalent dentists (31%). among dentists that answered to the questionnaire through internet, the percentage increases slightly, while there are no differences based on the practice pricing policy. just 20% proposes regularly (always or almost always) digital workflow prostheses. random sample base: 455 cases total sample cad-cam prostheses offer among those proposing digital work flow ones how do you use cad-cam technologies at your practice, according to the following modalities? 14 in the practices with an improved management, the offer of prostheses produced through scanner only and chairside milling is higher compared to the practices with a more traditional management: respectively the sample stands at 11% and 7%. the trend to own an intraoral scanner and a chairside milling unit is a feature of practices with better performances, and respectively 21% and 11% of practices in the last year have placed more than 50 implants. the chairside milling is more present among surgeries with more than 3 chairs (9%); the same trend features those having only the intraoral scanner (17%). 79% of the practices with more than 3 chairs send the impressions and the model outside, versus 95% of those practices with one chair. the ownership of this kind of equipment still is a marginal matter random sample base: 354 cases cad-cam restorations providers experience with the intraoral scanner how long do you have the intraoral scanner? 15 basically, the practices performing better purchased the intraoral scanner more than one year ago (36% of the practices placing more than 50 implants per year). the larger practices with a number of dental chairs higher than three, have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. the same phenomenon is observed with the number of dentists, where about 40% of the practices with more than 3 dentists state to have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. about one third of the installed equipment seem to be purchased in the last year. random sample base: 45 cases scanner owners dentists' opinions towards digital technologies opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside milling) according to the following definitions? 17 among the best performing practices the stance versus the cad-cam technologies improves: the overall opinion is the need to get closer to keep the pace of the innovation. also among the practices with a more evolved business management the opinion improves in comparison to the surgeries with a more traditional management, in particular, for those stating to have a business development plan. more discomfort: in the practices where the practices owner is higher than 55 years (38%) in the mono dental practices or just two dental chairs (33% and 36%) random sample base: 455 cases total sample opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside dental milling) according to the following definitions? 18 the discomfort is more present and seems to prevail regarding economical and conceptual matters. random sample base: 455 cases total sample weight: 22% weight: 68% weight: 10% 57% of those not offering digital work flow prosthesis, not even in outsourcing mode, named no digital users (weighting about one fourth of the sample), feel discomfort with the digital technologies. also those offering digital work flow prosthesis, even in outsourcing mode, at least one out of four (26%) feel discomfort, while those having a digital technology - only one out of 10 - declare to have troubles with that kind of technologies. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 19 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the practices with higher performance and with a monthly expenditure higher than 900 euros estimate that the cad-cam technology will replace completely the traditional prosthesis (69%). there are no significant differences within the socio-demographic sample stratification. also regarding the stratification by kind of business management doesnt show relevant statistical differences versus the overall sample average. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 20 random sample base: 455 cases total sample its interesting to note how also among no digital users, that is no digital workflow, not even in outsourcing, more than 50% state that the future will only be digital prosthetics. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how prosthetics is performed? 21 random sample base: 455 cases total sample without taking into account 2% of the sample which thinks that the future of the digital prosthesis will not prevail, and crossing the comfort situation with the perception regarding the future of the digital prosthesis, two main topics arise: despite the digital work flow prosthesis will have an important role, even not completely replacing the traditional one, more than 40% feel discomfort regarding the technologies. also among those thinking that the digital prosthesis will completely replace the traditional one, one out of four feels uncomfortable about those technologies. in both situation, a possible frustration from the users can be highlighted. those users may need help from both the manufacturers and the scientific world to ease the path towards a higher familiarity with the digital technologies. future purchase intention intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 23 the practices with better performances declare a higher attitude to the purchase of a cad-cam system: practices spending more than 900 a month (50%); those placing more than 50 implants a year (53%). a higher attitude to purchase the cad-cam technology comes from both the clinics with dentists younger than 55 (38% for dentists younger than 45 and 36% for dentists aged between 45 and 55); and for practices with bigger size, with more than 3 chairs (47%). certainly yes + probably yes 33% random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 24 random sample base: 410 cases non owners the purchase intention is double among those who already uses the full outsourcing, compared to those who do not offer digital work flow prostheses 38% vs 17%. the analysis of the sample stratification allows for a precise profiling of the potential buyers to develop marketing activities on, in order to increase demand generation. intention to buy: intraoral scanner vs. chairside milling unit 25 among those keen to invest in the cad- cam technologies, almost all of them declare their willingness to purchase an intraoral scanner in the next future. in the purchase intention for certainly and probably the difference is huge. in those cases, it is the offer pulling on the demand certainly certainly + probably base: 135 cases potential clients random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? (yes/no) 26 random sample base: 410 cases non owners primary target profile they are basically web respondents (double the intention to buy versus the phone respondents, slightly higher for the chairside milling), subscribers to sector newsletters, rather independent and with not loyal relationships with the dealers. the dentists from the south of italy are those showing the higher interest, where, however, those technologies are less widespread, in particular the chairside milling, with an intention to buy which is double the average. the target focus is between 46 and 55 years old, the younger ones (up to 45) are more oriented to the scanner and the older ones (more than 55) to the chairside milling. with specific regard to the chairside milling, the core target is the practice open for more than 20 years. despite there is a direct correlation between the size and the intention to buy, the big sized practice with at least 3-4 chairs and several consultants is more oriented towards the purchase of a scanner and far less to the chairside milling, which seems to be more interesting to a mid-sized practice with 2-3 chairs, which in the future may recur to the partnership with an internal technician. the specialized practices seem to be more oriented to make the investment (47% specialized practices vs 25% general ones), in specific prosthetics and implant dentistry with more than 50 implants placed a year (52% vs 33% overall average). those interested to the chairside milling do show a lower attitude to the strategic planning, which is contrary to those interested in the scanner. in the imagery of the dentists more oriented to the purchase, the most quoted brands, for those willing to buy a scanner are most of all 3m followed by 3shape (even though sirona is always the first one in the intention to buy), while among those keen to invest in a chairside milling the most quoted brand is sirona. intention to buy: probably/certainly no why you probably/certainly no? why not? main issue the cost random sample base: 269 cases not interested in purchasing intention to buy: probably/certainly yes why you probably/certainly yes? why yes? future vs performance the results indicate two different attitudes towards the purchase, having their roots in two very different system values: one of them has a psychologic origin (emotional) while the other is more objective, linked to the performance. generally, the latter is more present in the life cycle of those products exiting from the launch period and entering into the development one. random sample base: 135 cases interested in purchasing intention to buy: chairside milling and intraoral scanner what scanner/chairside milling brands are you willing to purchase? 29 random sample for both technologies is rather high the weight of dont know, and in the case of the chairside milling, also brands without cad-cam equipment are mentioned. the scanner seems to be a more competitive market with the co-leaders evenly performing in the mental basket for the choice of the equipment. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing chairside milling scanner demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? 30 random sample the spontaneous answers, among them the most quoted ones are affordability and better financial conditions, have been aggregated according to their nature into five areas and considering the responses instead of the respopndents as the base, with the exclusion of dont know and not interested. this data processing allows for further comparison among the different clusters. base: 455 cases total sample demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 31 random sample base: 455 cases total sample very interesting to evaluate the different approach of the respondents via phone versus those responding via web. the latter ones (which show a bigger size) is far less attentive to the economical aspect and more interested to the support and training, other than marketing. from a demographic and structural perspective, the younger respondents show a higher interest in the economical matters, which is also true for those showing a lower than average production performances. its interesting to note as the attitude towards the use of the technologies increases, the interest in the support and marketing increases as well, which a lower importance of the economical aspects. demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 32 random sample the analysis on the investment attitude, some interesting points emerge, because among those declaring an interest to the purchase, the attention to the economical aspects greatly reduces, while increases that on support and training (65% versus 26% of the rejectors) and a higher demand for assistance in practice from those thinking about a possible purchase (46% vs 18%). this is even more evident among those interested in the purchase of a chairside milling. also, they are more interested in the marketing support (almost double versus the ones interested in the purchase of the scanner only) to foster the demand from the patients. as for the economical matters, those interested in the chairside milling dont ask for a price reduction, but easier financial conditions or pay per use options. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing brand awareness analysis cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? 34 random sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the ability of a brand to represent its own product family, which is shown by the ratio called prominence. a higher prominence value means a higher ability to represent the analysed product family: this in fact is the ratio between the first mentioned brand top of mind and the unaided awareness. the sum of unaided awareness responses represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewees: in this case the sum of percentages is 145%, that means the interviewees have mentioned about 1,5 brands. its interesting to note that about 50% of the interviewees did not mention any brand, which is a clear sign of this market being a rather immature one, almost a niche. sirona is absolute brand awareness leader in this segment. base: 455 cases total sample 0,74 0,50 0,48 0,27 0,48 0,55 0,29 0,33 0,22 0,73 sirona 3shape 3m carestream kavo nobel biocare zirkonzahn planmeca dental wings ivoclar vivadent cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? segmentation according to technology orientation 35 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the low brand awareness is a specific feature of cad- cam non-owners and in particular, it belongs to those not even using the full outsourcing methodology. among the owners, the weight of the four top brands increases relevantly. cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness please tell me if you know the following brands? 36 random sample as for the total awareness, the values increase a lot, in particular for the brands with a relevant business also in other product categories. the relevance index (it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the total one) it is important because highlights the brands ability to be recalled spontaneously by the respondents in connection to the category, so is potentially very influential when they need to take a buying decision. the low relevance indexes shows the scarce ability of all brands to be associated to the cad-cam segment. base: 455 cases total sample 36% 13% 11% 8% 2% 1% 93% 47% 79% 58% 75% 21% sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology serie1 serie2 pqi index 0,39 0,28 0,13 0,14 0,03 0,03 sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology random sample base: 455 cases total sample sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity of the brand to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence 37 the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously (prominence). in the b2b market, the prominence is closely linked to the use of the products, while the relevance expresses the probability of a brand to be considered in the purchase process. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more representative of the cad-cam category. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be spontaneously recalled to mind (generally less wide spread), but compared to the average, they are more associated with the category in analysis. brand awareness, market category association regarding the brands you mentioned, please specify : overall scenario 38 random sample only 3shape resulted to be almost completely linked to the cad-cam segment, while for other important international brands, such as planmeca, carestream, 3m, etc. more than half of the sample dont know that they produce cad-cam equipment. base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously brand awareness, market category association brand association index to the category of cad-cam overall scenario random sample low association to cad-cam high low overall awareness high base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously the representativeness of the segment is very relevant when a big portion of the potential demand is still to fully develop, so that a secondary data processing has been performed, which evaluated with a different weight the three possible options: i know this brand as a manufacturer of cad-cam equipment (high representativeness) i know this brand as a manufacturer of both cad-cam equipment and other products ( medium representativeness) i know this brand as manufacturer of products which are different from cad-cam equipment (no representativeness) thanks to this processing it is possible to show a map where the information regarding the capability of a brand to be associated to the cad-cam segment is shown. the size of the bubbles represents the brands capacity to be associated to the cad-cam sector. brand positioning cad-cam manufacturers numeric distribution: intraoral scanner and chairside milling what model and brand of intraoral scanner you use to take digital impressions? 41 random sample numeric distribution it is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain product / brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier, not necessarily in an exclusive way. this section is placed in the brand perception because it is heavily affected by the brand penetration. please consider that on the random sample; only 45 scanners users have been found, for this reason the numeric distribution is shown for qualitative purposes only. as for the chairside milling, only 17 users have been found in the random sample, so that it is not possible to investigate the numeric distribution, even though 80% of the users quoted sirona. numeric distribution intraoral scanner base: 45 cases owners scanner brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know sirona. with a high number of quotes, sirona performance can be considered quite similar to that of the overall random sample. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample sirona (154 quotes) mean total sample (370 quotes) 42 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3shape (55 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3shape. the scores of the brand image, on average, looks higher than the overall scores, but for a few items, namely customer service oriented and approachable, friendly. 43 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3m (37 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3m. the respondents gave a higher evaluation to the concept of reputation but a weaker position can be seen regarding the pricing, the ease of use and in the customer orientation. 44 brand image factor analysis 45 prestige leadership: it includes the items linked to the reputation and prestige. this factor is far from the other items investigated, even if rather correlated to innovation and reliability. product excellence: this factor is featured by the innovation in particular, which is strongly correlated to the concept of simplification of the daily practice and to the reliability. approachable, friendly: the nature of this factor is not only economical, but also technical, and it is a good indicator of a given focus on the client perceived by the market. too expensive: it just shows one item, and it classify the brand as too expensive in comparison to the benefits given, but it resulted to be a not important factor in this market and also the regression analysis shows a not relevant weight on the recommendation. the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the brand perception), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. the propensity to be recommended, is a crucial element of the brand image and, in this case, it is across the first three factors, but strongly influenced by the second one, the product excellence. this new way of thinking about the quality in dentistry, with innovation, easiness and reliability, clearly prevail on the market leadership. positioning drivers random sample brand image factor analysis 46 main brands awareness positioning the chart shows the means for the main known brands, as a matter of fact, this is a brand perception mapping. sirona, with the vast majority of the quotes, is clearly close to the average, even if it received lower scores for the product excellence. as the number of cases lowers, the values get far from the average, and some distinctive features can be highlighted for the main brands. interesting are the results from 3shape on product excellence, less positive is on approachable, friendly. as for 3m, only prestige leadership shows a positive score. all factors have mean zero and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. random sample buying behavior focus on cad-cam owners purchase process regarding the moment you took the decision to buy your equipment, among the following statements, which is the closest to the way you took such a decision? 48 base: 105 cases owners owners sample cad-cam owners have been asked to describe their purchasing process. even if the cost is high, in 61% of the cases the decision was an almost emotional one. on another hand, 39% of the respondents declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs, therefore a rational purchase. the behavior of those aged more than 55 resulted to be more emotional, while the younger ones declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs. the emotional approach is slightly higher for the chairside milling and slightly less for the purchase of a scanner. instinct purchase are less common among those having a business plan. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong in this business purchase process, influencers who provided advice/consultation before the purchase? 49 base: 105 cases owners owners sample influencers in the purchase process high weight of the word of mouth and sales rep. for the chairside milling. 30% of the cad-cam users sample declared to have received advice from colleagues or from the technician. so it is clear the strategic role of the customer care and after sales processes and loyalty strengthening. in general, the advice from the manufacturer sales rep. is preferred over the distributor ones. it is high the percentage of those who got information by their own but this is true almost only for the intraoral scanner. in the chairside milling purchase process it is fundamental the role of the manufacturer sales rep. (very high most of all among those responding via web), while it decreases steadily the autonomous information collection. reasons to buy spontaneous statements what was the main reason that made you decide to buy a cad-cam equipment? base: 105 cases owners owners sample the most prevailing motivations are a kind of subjective ones, linked to an innovation concept (trust in the technology and willingness to be at the forefront). a relevant weight is also from the aspects related to the performance improvement and the quality of the results. less relevant is the desire of independence from the laboratory, not very high among scanners users. base 126 responses among the different unaided answers the trust in the future prevails, but also some practical aspect (time reduction and higher accuracy). the answers have been aggregated according to their own nature and into four different areas, whose data processing have been made on the sum of answers. this aggregation allows for some further interesting consideration . please note again that 70% of the sample owns a chairside milling. 50 reasons to buy objective analysis on the proposed items how much do you agree with the following statements about the moment you decided to invest in a cad-cam? please give me a score from 1 to 10, where 1 stands for strongly disagree and 10 stands for totally agree. 51 base: 105 cases owners owners sample mean following the unaided answers, some items have been investigated, which allowed the selection of true purchasing drivers. also in this case, the emotional approach of the orientation to the future prevails . it is a typical attitude of the pioneers belonging to a newly born product segment. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment factor analysis 52 owners sample the factor analysis identified 4 latent factors for the reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment. better performance: represents the performance improvement seen as economic benefits and increased productivity. image and innovation: this factor summarizes the feeling that owning a cad-cam equipment improves the image of the clinic to the eyes of the patients. patient care: owning a cad-cam technology allows to treat the patients in less time than traditional methods, improving their comfort. independence from the lab: a cad-cam allows the practice to be independent from the lab. base: 105 cases owners the factor analysis is a multi- variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. better performance image and innovation patient care independence from the lab the acquisition of a cad-cam will reduce the working time 0,79 the acquisition of a cad-cam will bring me economical/financial savings 0,64 it will improve the quality of my work 0,75 its a technology required to meet the future challenges 0,66 it will improve the image of my clinic 0,76 it is important to make use of more innovative materials 0,77 my patients demand for this type of technology 0,78 it is important to offer my patients the restoration/prosthesis in one visit/day 0,73 i would like to depend less upon the prosthetic lab 0,94 reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment demographic and structural stratification 53 owners sample owners sample age: basically the elders resulted to be less sensitive to the performance improvement. size structure: the smallest practices seem to be more influenced by the improvement of the reputation of the practice. value of purchases in materials: the segment with a lower than average expenditure are more sensitive to the image and also to the increased independence from the lab. implantology: this is the segmentation showing the biggest differences in the purchasing behaviour. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment stratification type of practice management 54 owners sample owners sample strategic plan those having a strategic business plan resulted to be more interested in the performance and far less to the independence from the lab. the other 2 drivers did not show statistically relevant differences. type of technology the kind of technology used shows a different mapping: to the only scanner users, the image and innovation perspective prevail, while the chairside milling users seem to be motivated by the independence from the lab and a higher attention to the patient care. other significant aspects those having purchased the equipment in an emotional way is strongly influenced by the image and not interested at all to the independence from the lab. the cad-cam frequent users are more oriented to the performance and the image. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam intraoral scanner benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the intraoral scanner? 56 base: 45 cases scanner owners the most quoted advantage, with more than 50% of the quotes, is the reduction of working times, related to the improvement of the productivity and the performance. the second most quoted advantage is the high precision of the digital impression, which is related to the aspects of precision and quality of the performance. random sample chairside milling unit benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the chairside milling unit? 57 base: 17 cases chairside milling owners the main quoted benefit is the reduction of working times, linked to the aspects of the surgery performance. the second quoted advantage is the possibility to make indirect restorations in one single visit. considering that the third quoted advantage (depend less upon the lab), is partially linked to the surgery performance, the main advantage in the use of the chairside milling are related to the increase of the productivity and the performance. random sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis evaluate the overall experience with a brand and how much the customer needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the price paid for that product. advocacy the willingness of a user to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors for each brand. the bas subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of-mouth referrals. 59 loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention brand advocacy score advocates extremely likely how likely are you to recommend the following company brands to a colleague? neither unlikely nor likely neutrals detractors unlikely likely loyalty metrics 60 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or detractors\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of detractors from the distribution percentage of the advocates, to show the actual impact of the word of mouth. perceived value brand advocacy repurchase intention mean mean mean how much would you agree that the cad-cam products of the following manufacturers are worth their purchase price? how likely are you to recommend the cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you were to replace your current cad-cam system, how likely are you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low repurchase intention may mean a risk that, in the future, the product may not be purchased again. lower repurchase intention scores have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still be using this product in the future. even if the perceived value is negative, this item does not impact on the attitude to recommend or on the repurchase intention. this is to confirm once again the low weight of the price in the real experience. advocates neutrals detractors base: 52 quotes 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 6,2 6,6 6,0 7,7 7,9 7,6 7,4 7,7 7,3 14% 9% 15% random sample loyalty metrics 61 owners sample brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or detractors\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of detractors from the distribution percentage of the advocates, to show the actual impact of the word of mouth. brand advocacy repurchase intention mean mean how likely are you to recommend the cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you were to replace your current cad-cam system, how likely are you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low repurchase intention may mean a risk that, in the future, the product may not be purchased again. lower repurchase intention scores have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still be using this product in the future. advocates neutrals detractors base: 172 quotes 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 1-5 6-7 10 8-9 scores 7,5 7,5 7,5 7,4 7,4 7,4 13% 13% 14% satisfaction analysis differentiation of scanner and chairside milling how do you rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam (intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit) brands? please use a scale of 1 to 10, where 1 stands for completely not satisfied and 10 stands for completely satisfied owners sample scanner owner (98 quotes) mean 52% 53% 44% 46% 45% 32% 33% 28% 35% 28% 28% 29% 22% 22% 16% 18% 13% 19% 11% 13% 8% 6% 8% 7% 7% 8% 7% 4% 6% 7% 21% 22% 25% 31% 30% 35% 38% 29% 31% 31% 24% 26% 35% 23% 22% 9% 11% 11% 12% 12% 10% 23% 29% 26% 34% 29% 35% 28% 48% 46% 100% 50% 0% 50% 100% precisione e qualit del risultato finale dei restauri affidabilit ampia scelta di materiali utilizzabili maneggevolezza e facilit duso soddisfazione generale facilit duso del software cad-cam di progettazione del restauro costi complessivi di gestione frequenza degli aggiornamenti training per lo start-up disponibilit e flessibilit dellazienda per esigenze specifiche servizio di assistenza tecnica di riparazione servizio di supporto tecnico dellazienda gestione del periodo di apprendimento da parte del fornitore sostegno allo sviluppo de business costo degli aggiornamenti software serie1 serie2 serie3 serie4 serie5 47% 55% 41% 42% 43% 38% 27% 26% 30% 24% 25% 25% 17% 15% 13% 18% 8% 18% 13% 12% 9% 8% 8% 5% 7% 7% 5% 5% 8% 5% 24% 26% 30% 35% 32% 32% 39% 28% 36% 29% 24% 27% 36% 27% 25% 11% 11% 11% 9% 12% 12% 26% 32% 28% 39% 33% 40% 34% 49% 47% 100% 50% 0% 50% 100% precisione e qualit del risultato finale dei restauri affidabilit ampia scelta di materiali utilizzabili maneggevolezza e facilit duso soddisfazione generale facilit duso del software cad-cam di progettazione del restauro costi complessivi di gestione frequenza degli aggiornamenti training per lo start-up disponibilit e flessibilit dellazienda per esigenze specifiche servizio di assistenza tecnica di riparazione servizio di supporto tecnico dellazienda gestione del periodo di apprendimento da parte del fornitore sostegno allo sviluppo de business costo degli aggiornamenti software serie1 serie2 serie3 serie4 serie5 chairside milling owner (74 quotes) 7,9 7,8 7,7 7,6 7,6 7,3 6,6 6,6 6,5 6,3 6,2 6,2 6,1 5,6 5,5 5,4 5,9 6,4 6,9 7,4 7,9 chairside scanner 7,9 7,8 7,7 7,6 7,6 7,3 6,6 6,6 6,5 6,3 6,2 6,2 6,1 5,6 5,5 5,4 5,9 6,4 6,9 7,4 7,9 chairside scanner the main differences between scanner and chairside milling are related to the after sales area, not exactly for what regards the mean scores, but the weight of the respondents involved by the dissatisfaction instead, which goes from 30% to 50%. clusters 10 completely satisfied 8-9 rather satisfied 6-7 rather not satisfied 1-5 not satisfied at all 62 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: 63 statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here, some prerequisites are highlighted (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items ranking of importance of items. whole sample 64 in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the total sample. some items with a low correlation score might not be useful to the construction of the satisfaction and vice versa. only start up training resulted to be particularly critical in the analysed model, in addition to the issues on the update and management. weight per item on the satisfaction score mean whole sample (172 quotes) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 overall ranking satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items ranking of importance of items. scanner only 65 weight per item on the satisfaction score mean scanner users (98 quotes) 1 3 vs 2 2 vs 3 4 6 vs 5 5 vs 6 8 vs 7 10 vs 8 8 vs 9 7 vs 10 14 vs 11 12 13 11 vs 14 ranking vs overall in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the intraoral scanner. in the column ranking it is possible to see the item ranking in comparison with its position in the overall evaluation (right figure). the correlation level of the satisfaction for the scanner highlight a ranking similar to the overall one, even though some items resulted to be more important, such as the handiness, the updates and, partially, the business development support and, most of all, the technical support. far less correlated the aspects linked to the software. satisfaction analysis ranking of importance of items. chairside milling owner 66 weight per item on the satisfaction score mean chairside milling owner (74 quotes) 2 vs 1 1 vs 2 4 vs 3 3 vs 4 5 9 vs 6 7 6 vs 8 10 vs 9 11 vs 10 8 vs 11 13 vs 12 12 vs 13 14 ranking vs overall in this chart the correlation of the individual items with the overall satisfaction of cad-cam equipment is presented. it takes into account the chairside milling. in the column ranking it is possible to see the item ranking in comparison with its position in the overall evaluation (right figure). contrary to what seen for the scanner, in the satisfaction model of the chairside milling, the accuracy and quality of the results shows a higher importance than the product reliability. far more important the aspects linked to the training, software use and cost updates. lower importance for the frequency of the software updates. weight on the satisfaction items score + + satisfaction analysis whole sample 67 the map is the visual synthesis of the charts seen in previous slides. the horizontal axis is the weight on the satisfaction (that is, the correlation score) of each item; the vertical axis is the average satisfaction scores of the different items. the satisfaction items are positioned so that: a) the items in the upper right side of the map are important in terms of both overall satisfaction and b) the respondents are more than average satisfied. in the lower right side of the map there are the items that: a) are very important in the construction of the overall satisfaction and b) the respondents are less satisfied than average, this is a critical zone because it represent an improvement area, with a high impact on the satisfaction and a poor performance of the product/brand. loyalty prerequisites key success factors in loyalty weight on the satisfaction + items score + satisfaction analysis scanner vs chairside milling key success factors in loyalty key success factors in loyalty scanner chairside milling the two satisfaction models scanner vs chairside milling, are very similar, even though in overall a higher weight of the items for the chairside milling can be noted (therefore higher expectations), in particular the greater relative importance of two areas: the wide range of materials (prerequisite for the chairside milling) and the overall operating costs (including software updates) which are instead critical points and represent an area of opportunity for the companies. 68 satisfaction analysis factor analysis 69 the factor analysis allows to find out 4 latent factors: product quality: the factor is characterized by those items that relate on one side to the practical usage of cad-cam and, on the other, the aspects of the software and the ease of use of the interface. it partially includes the operating costs that are partially experienced as an integral part of quality. customer support services : includes all aspects of the relationship between the company and the user regarding the technical service and after sales. running cost: refers to the aspects not related to the purchase cost but to the overall running costs for the use of the equipment and the software over time. training: the factor refers to the education and training of the dentist and the support in the use of the equipment after the purchase. owners sample the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. satisfaction analysis users stratification 70 owners sample owners sample all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. as anticipated in the correlation analysis, the satisfaction model for both technologies resulted to be reliable. the analysis on the factors scores show an overall less satisfactory situation for the chairside milling. particularly critical are the training and the customer support services. it is a matter of understanding, thanks to specific deepening, if the chairside milling critical points are to be attributed to weak spots in the manufacturer service, the distribution system or specific difficulties in the world of the chairside systems. satisfaction analysis linear regression 71 the product quality has the highest weight on the satisfaction, both in the overall model and for the scanner users. with regards to the other chairside milling, the running costs and the training show the highest weight. the linear regression is a statistical technique whose aim is to find out if a causal relationship exists between one or more independent variables (in this case the factors derived from the factor analysis on the satisfaction) and one dependent variable (in this case the overall satisfaction). the linear regression requirement is that a linear relationship exists between the variables so that this relationship can be explained with a straight line. the linear regression allows to understand the intensity of the relationship between the independent and the dependent variables and to what extent each factor affects the overall satisfaction. the linear regression model shows a value r2=0,777 (r-squared), this means that about 78% of the satisfaction is explained by this model. owners sample overall satisfaction 22% customer support services 46% product quality running cost 19% training 14% chairside milling users focus quantitative aspects focus on chairside milling users digital work flow prostheses weight out of the total precision impressions done in your practice, what is the percentage of impressions done with the digital work flow? 73 chairside milling owners sample base: 60 cases total sample percentage of practices vs percentage of cases from digital work flow prostheses taking into consideration the chairside milling owners only (oversampling on users), only one third of them carry out less than half of the prosthetic cases with digital work flow, while 17% of them declare to make prosthesis only with digital work flow (not necessarily all of them carried out with the chairside milling). basing on the quotes, the total prosthetic cases carried out with digital work flow is 68%. among the chairside milling users, about two thirds of all prosthetic cases are made with the digital work flow. focus on chairside milling users minutes required for digital design how many minutes do you need in general for the digital design with the cad/cam software per patient? 74 16 minutes it is the average time for the digital design. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of time required for the digital design only one fourth of the chairside milling users sample declares it takes more than 15 minutes for the digital design with a cad- cam software. the overall mean is 16 minutes, with a good homogeneity throughout the cases. chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users weight of restorations in one appointment how many indirect restorations are done in your practice, in an average week? in percent, how many of your single restorations are performed in one appointment? in percent, how many of your multiple restorations are performed in one appointment? among chairside milling users, about two thirds of indirect restorations are done in one single appointment. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of production in one single visit in the chairside milling users sample only 14% of them dont carry out indirect restorations in one single appointment. this percentage goes up to 40% for the multiple restorations. 29% of them declares to carry out 100% of the single restorations in one single appointment. the percentages steeply decrease for multiple restorations. in overall, about 54% of the single restorations have been carried out in one appointment, while the percentage goes down to 20% for the multiple restorations. mean: 54% mean: 20% 75 chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users used materials how often do you use the following consumable cad- cam materials in your practice? base: 77 cases total sample frequency of use of different materials almost all respondents declare to use the lithium disilicate glass-ceramics. only 1% declares not to use this material. chairside milling owners sample 76 italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}