{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "45 base: 758 quotes processing without don't know high reputation is the item that received the highest average scores, followed by reliable and trustworthy. the lowest scores come from affordable, too expensive and good price/quality ratio. as if the image of the brand in the digital world are is not associated with price related topics. note the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. brand positioning: sirona, kavo, 3m in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 46 base: 326 quotes sirona kavo 3m processing without dont know base: 129 quotes base: 126 quotes brand positioning: overall in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? 47 base: 326 quotes base: 129 quotes base: 126 quotes base: 170 quotes + mean score while sirona is rather on average, given the high number of quotes received, its interesting to note kavo performing better than the competitors with regard to affordability and customer service oriented, while 3m is more than other brands associated with too expensive and worldwide renowned. brand positioning: factor analysis 48 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 2 main drivers, nearness vs. reputation. they are very relevant in order to achieve a positioning analysis. this kind of analysis, has a relevant advantage: the here defined set of 2 drivers allows to design a positioning map, explained by the following slide. factor 1 (nearness) it is driven by items like affordability, customer service oriented, makes daily practice easier, clearly related to the nearness, whose concept is reinforced by reliability and good price quality ratio. factor 2 (reputation) it is driven by items clearly related to the reputation, such as leading company and worldwide renowned on top of all. too expensive may be part of the reputation as brand with high reputation are often seen as more expensive than the average. factor analysis its goal is to reduce the information contained in several variables by synthesizing a few factors. it aims to identify a substructure underlying a group of variables, and resume this substructure with a reduced number of latent variables. thanks to the factor analysis, some positioning drivers can be identified, that, as a matter of fact, represent the brand image analysed. two factors nearness reputation affordable 0,764 good price quality ratio 0,684 customer service oriented 0,633 makes daily practice easier 0,631 reliable 0,602 trustworthy 0,589 0,485 leading company 0,800 worldwide renowned 0,714 innovative and at the forefront 0,628 highly reputable 0,574 too expensive 0,353 brand positioning: positioning map 1 the map is an actual brand positioning one, as it shows how the different brands are seen, with regard to the factors identified, by the respondents. 49 the map is slightly on the lower side as sirona, which received most of the quotes, affects the map itself and determines the variance, with a central position. kavo is stronger in germany, while dentsply is stronger in uk. for the latter, its not sure if the image is strictly related to dentsply or degudent or atlantis. planmeca and carestream, although belonging to the digital technology world, partially due their positioning to their strong presence in the digital x-ray market. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand positioning: positioning map 2 this map analyses where some different profiles are positioned, if the nearness concept has an impact on the recommendation, or if the driving factor is the reputation. 50 the fact that some different profiles are closer than other (e.g. germany and >3 chairs) doesnt mean that those profiles are related to each other (i.e. its not said that german respondents have >3 chairs). france positioning is more related to immature markets, where the driving forces are more focused on the reputation, while the german market, more mature, is driven by the service components, so it is closer to the nearness concept. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand positioning: positioning map 3 51 in this map, some psychographic profiles are present. its interesting to see how the respondents close to the concept that digital technologies will not change dramatically the future of dentistry, and forecasting an overall increase in the cooperation among the different actors (dentists, laboratories and industry) are closer to a nearness concept. on the contrary, profiles more keen to think about a true change in dentistry, but far from a cooperation attitude, are closer to the reputation. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis 52 items score items weight on recommendation with the bivariate correlation analysis we try to understand how much the factors seen in the factor analysis influence the recommendation, by analysing the different weight that the single items composing the factors have on the recommendation. bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, each brand positioning item) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single factors and the rating on the recommendation how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis map 53 the map is the visual results of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical one theres the rating of each item. considering rather new and immature markets, its not rare to see the items related to the pricing in general not to be relevant in the recommendation process. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) the items on the upper right side of the map, very close one to each other, will be further investigated on the regression analysis, in order to evaluate their importance on the recommendation. brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis ranking 54 focus on weight on recommendation when the analysis is performed on the ranking based on the weight that the different items have on the recommendation of the main brands, its interesting to note how not all items are relevant to all brands. this is the case of 3m, where several items are not relevant, while its recommendation looks to be more affected by the fact that it makes the daily practice easier, reliability, innovation and reputation. overall ranking sirona kavo 3m others trustworthy 1 3 1 n.a 1 reliable 2 2 2 2 3 highly reputable 3 1 5 n.a 7 makes daily practice easier 4 4 9 1 5 worldwide renowned 5 5 3 3 8 innovative and at the forefront 6 8 4 4 2 leading company 7 7 6 n.a 4 customer service oriented 8 6 7 n.a 6 good price quality ratio 9 9 8 n.a 9 affordable 10 10 10 n.a 10 too expensive 11 11 n.a. n.a n.a brand image - multiple regression analysis 55 its interesting to note how it looks like in the process of the recommendation both factors are almost equally involved and important.", "type": "Document"}}