{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "percentage of customers declaring to use a given product or dealer, not necessarily in an exclusive way. the question has a multiple choice answer. pqi index is the ratio between \"top used and overall penetration and actually indicates the quality of the penetration, or rather how many times, in percentage, a certain dealer has been used as the first/most important one among all dealers used by a respondent. in general, the fragmentation of the distribution is due to a strong presence of small local dealers working in small areas. dental dealers: numeric distribution what are your main suppliers in order of importance? the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. during the last years, proclinic and casa schmidt continue to maintain a leading position, although the \"followers\" garzn and dental everest are growing quite a lot. there is also an increase in the \"other\" category, which together with the increase in the overlap index, confirms the increased market fragmentation. 18 trend analysis 2018 2017 2016 2015 2013 2012 18-17 proclinic 46% 44% 37% 35% 26% 38% 2,7% casa schmidt 41% 50% 45% 37% 57% 59% 8,7% garzn 8% 6% 7% 7% 3% 5% 2,1% dental everest 7% 5% 5% 4% 2% 1% 1,9% labo shop 5% 8% 6% 4% 3% 5% 2,1% dt&shop 5% 7% 6% 6% 8% 9% 2,0% moltodent 5% 3% 2% 2% 1% 3% 2,1% dent-thel 4% 6% 5% 4% 1% 1% 1,8% henry schein 3% 1% 2% 1% 1% 2% 2,2% linerden 3% 2% 2% 2% 0% 0% 1,2% dentival 3% 4% 2% 3% 3% 4% 0,8% dental madrid 3% 2% 3% 2% 2% 4% 1,2% dentaurum 3% 3% 3% 5% 2% 2% 0,4% dental 7 3% 1% 1% 2% 1% 2% 1,7% proxdental asturias 3% 1% 1% 1% 0% 0% 1,3% bit dental 2% 4% 2% 1% 1% 0% 1,7% hiperdental 2% 2% 2% 1% 2% 2% 0,7% bnb 2% 0% 0% 2% 0% 2% 1,9% garcia torres 2% 4% 1% 0% 4% 2% 1,2% dentared / dentaltix 2% 5% 0% 0% 0% 0% 2,9% catalana dental 2% 1% 2% 2% 4% 5% 0,5% kedientes 2% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 2,0% jucadent 2% 1% 1% 1% 1% 1% 1,3% other 77% 56% 60% 69% 72% 86% 21,5% overlap index 2,37 2,14 1,96 1,91 1,94 2,32 total (whole sample) 513 530 528 553 584 624 processing without \"don't know / no answer\" dental dealers: numeric distribution what are your main suppliers in order of importance? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 19 due to the fact that the size of the sample is reduced in each geographical area, the results by area are presented as an indication only. dental dealers: numeric distribution what are your main suppliers in order of importance? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 20 scenario use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with fixed prosthetics elements produced with digital technologies (also in full outsourcing)? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 22 percentage of laboratories 69% of the respondents declare to provide their clients with fixed prosthetics elements produced with digital technologies. when analyzing the evolution of the digital process, it emerges an increase that mainly affects the largest laboratories with a higher number of served practices. the use of digital technologies also is higher in the northeast and barcelona area (84%) and in the labs ran by younger owners (85%). it is also significant that the percentage increases (89%) among those declaring a very positive expected future trend and among those more inclined to use management technologies (79%) and the digital cloud (83%). cad-cam users 1 technician (45%) 3 or more technicians (83%) served practices <=5 (53%) served practices >10 (80%) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. digital prosthesis provider 2015: 77 cases digital prosthesis provider role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? base: 588 cases (whole sample) in comparison to the past edition, the percentage of users stating that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics increased slightly. by deepening the analysis by segments, a significant difference emerges, between digital technologies users and providers of traditional prosthetics. besides this, its interesting to note the high percentage (63%), among the users of partner-lab channel for the production of digital prosthetic elements, for the statement digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 23 2015: 77 cases 2015: 75 cases stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? base: 588 cases (whole sample) the situation changed a lot in comparison to 2015: the confidence in digital technologies increased considerably. it is more evident the difference in the stance versus digital technologies between those using it already and feeling comfortable. the difference is more evident when considering the comparison between full outsourcing digital prosthesis providers and the other digital prosthesis providers. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 24 role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? base: 588 cases (whole sample) the perception about the evolution of the role of dentists and technicians changed as well, in comparison to year its interesting to note a higher percentage of quotes related to the need of cooperation between dentists and technicians, and this statement is true especially for the respondents providing digital prostheses already. among full outsourcing users, the percentage of those stating that there will be no change is remarkably higher. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. 25 2015: 76 cases required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? in comparison to 2015, training and information shows a relevant increase: those items are felt to be more and more important and functional to an effective approach to the digital technologies. a convenient price still is important but to a lesser extent. also, an increased performance gains importance with respect to the past. 26 588 cases 68 cases 3d printing awareness and use which statement regarding 3d printing in dentistry applies to your laboratory? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 14% of users / ex-users 86% of non-users 27 rather new but rapidly increasing, 3d printing looks to be well know as to be a digital technology available for dentistry as well: only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it (12%). 3d printing seems to be more widely used among younger technicians and big sized labs. most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? base: 441 cases (aware of 3d printing and ex-users) base: 79 cases (3d printing users) for which of the following indications do you use your 3d printer? 28 while the indication for models is the first mentioned one for both users and non-users, its interesting to notice that non-users believe a high use is for surgical guides for implant dentistry (47%), while the users show a much lower use for this indication (26%). also, the current use for temporary crowns & bridges is far lower than predicted by non users (50% non users vs 38% users). most suitable indications for 3d printing overall: 3d printing users vs. aware of 3d printing and ex-users base: 520 cases (aware of 3d printing, ex-users and users) 29 the comparison with 2015 results shows a relevant decrease for temporary crown and bridges, surgical guides for implant dentistry, permanent crowns & bridges and fixed substructures. this phenomenon could be affected by the higher overlap of answers of 2015 (models and splits excluded, since these items were not available in the 2015 list). 77 cases 520 cases 3d printing unit: numeric distribution what is the brand of your 3d printing unit? base: 73 cases (3d printing users) 30 the numeric distribution related to the use of 3d printers shows a relevant share for the brand formlabs, which is the leader by a wide margin, followed by 3d system. main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? please rate them with fully agree, partially agree, neutral, partially disagree, fully disagree. base: 588 cases (whole sample) by analysing the percentage of quotes of the positive scores (partially and fully agree) it is clear that two out of three are the most relevant items, explaining that the respondents expect an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, and a wider range of materials available. mean trend analysis % of agree 31 y. 2018 (agree) y. 2015 (yes) 72% 82% 68% 70% 39% 34% preference about courses to enhance digital knowledge would you rather attend a course to enhance your digital knowledge preferably at your dealer or manufacturer? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 32 almost a half of the interviewees have no preference whether it would be better to attend a course either at the dealer or at the manufacturer. even it doesnt emerge a clear the preference, a slightly higher percentage of respondents would like to attend a course preferably at the manufacturer. less young respondents and smaller sized laboratories show a lower interest towards this topic, while bigger sized laboratories state a higher interest in attending courses, with a higher than average preference for the manufacturer. customized digital cad-design do you / your team take care of digital cad-design or is it a task you leave to the partner laboratory/milling center? base: 252 cases (scanner owners) 33 customized base: 302 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) how much do you spend on cad-design software licenses per year? which payment method do you prefer? base: 246 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) brand awareness brand awareness analysis glossary unaided awareness it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. aided awareness and total awareness the aided awareness represents the awareness level of the brands named by the interviewer. the total awareness is made up of the unaided awareness and by the aided one. the aided awareness shows how many respondents identify the brand once it is quoted, it is an important index in the buying process but, if it is not sustained by a high level of unaided awareness, the company needs more efforts to reach a better commercial effectiveness. top of mind it is the first brand, named by the interviewee, related to a certain product family. it is the closest indicator to the intention to buy or to the current use of the products and it is strictly linked to the brand value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of knowledge quality and it estimates the brand capability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless its overall awareness. relevance index it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the aided one. it defines the brand capability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. 35 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce restorations/prosthesis with digital workflow (such as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.), what brands come to your mind? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 36 the comparison between the \"unaided awareness\" and the \"top of mind\", highlights relevant differences in the prominence index: a higher index value indicates the brand's ability to represent a product family. example: 3shape is known by 14% of the respondents as a brand and 55% of those who know this brand have mentioned it as the first one. trend analysis digital equipment brands: unaided awareness 37 spontaneous awareness (unaided): it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. top of mind: it represents the number of times a certain brand was mentioned as the first one by a respondent. due to the reduced number of cases of year 2015, this comparison is meant to be taken as an indication only. 3shape shows a reduced awareness level, but still is the leading brand. dentsply sirona resulted to be less mentioned as well, while 3m moves at the bottom of the ranking. besides, new competitors are growing, such as exocad, zirkonzahn and roland. unaided awareness top of mind overlap index: 1,59 1,31 (588 cases) (39 cases) digital equipment brands: unaided awareness vs. prominence index map thinking about the equipment to produce restorations/prosthesis with digital workflow (such as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.), what brands come to your mind? high quantity of awareness with less immediate association to the product category high quantity of awareness with high immediate association to the product category the map puts into relation the quantitative data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index meaning the brand attitude to be promptly associated to the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above the average unaided awareness and a higher ability to be immediately associated to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment, followed by exocad. other brands like zirkonzahn and ivoclar vivadent show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. 38 unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 39 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 40 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape, which show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. - total awareness digital + relevance + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 41 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand showing the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness. zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona show a higher total awareness value, but less frequently are mentioned in a spontaneous way. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being less known, show higher values of relevance. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 42 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map), like zirzonzahn and 3shape. for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower than average. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 44 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reliability and reputation received the highest scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (666 quotes) mean 4,2 4,2 4,0 4,2 4,0 4,0 3,9 3,9 4,1 3,8 3,5 3,4 2018 2015 brand positioning: overall brands vs. 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape (44 quotes) 3shape overall 45 mean overall brands (666 quotes) brand positioning: overall brands vs. zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn (42 quotes) 46 overall brands (666 quotes) mean zirkonzahn overall brand positioning: overall brands vs. exocad with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. exocad (38 quotes) exocad overall 47 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (30 quotes) dentsply sirona overall 48 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. ivoclar vivadent with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) ivoclar vivadent overall 49 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean 3shape (44 quotes) overall (666 quotes) zirkonzahn (42 quotes) exocad (38 quotes) 50 dentsply sirona (30 quotes) ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) focus on recommendation bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 52 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 53 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. trust, reliability, and customer orientation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. regarding the items related to the pricing, it seems like if a brand is affordable, this characteristic has a remarkable impact on the recommendation, but when the price rises, it loses its impact and other items affect more the propensity to recommend a brand. items importance average score brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map 54 how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors its interesting to note that customer service oriented and affordable are important items in the definition of the recommendation, but they received lower than average scores, and they are positioned in the key success factors. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis 55 items importance average score how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 3shape correlation analysis shows that the most relevant items are the same of the overall analysis, with a higher importance given to the item leading company, which comes as the fourth most relevant item. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 56 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the correlation analysis map is very similar to the overall one, where customer service oriented and affordable are placed in the critical area for improvement. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 57 items importance average score apart from reliability and trust, the ability to be an innovative and highly reputable brand seems to be important, in the perception of zirkonzahn, for the construction of the recommendation. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 58 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. there is only one item clearly in the critical area: customer service oriented. however, it is worth to note that trustworthy and reliable, the most important items in the construction of the recommendation in zirkonzahn model, are very close to this area. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 59 items importance average score for exocad, the items related to price have less impact on the recommendation, while being a worldwide renown company is the most relevant feature in its recommendation model. however, the correlation analysis shows that several items seem to have a high weight on the recommendation. not significant not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 60 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. highly reputable clearly shows a weak position, given its weight on the recommendation and its slightly lower than average score. also leading company shows low scores, but its weight on the recommendation is lower than the most relevant items. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 61 items importance average score its interesting to note that in dentsply sirona correlation analysis model, a good price quality ratio belongs to the most relevant items in the definition of the recommendation. the fact that even the item affordable is present among the most important ones, leave room to think that the price factor becomes important, in the brand perception of dentsply sirona, for the definition of the recommendation. not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 62 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) as anticipated in the previous slide, two price related items are in the critical area. the third one is customer service oriented. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 63 items importance average score not significant ivoclar vivadent correlation analysis shows that the most relevant items are the same of the overall analysis. (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 64 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the map shows that almost all most relevant items are placed in the critical area. given a rather low number of cases, it is recommended to consider the results as a qualitative indication. digital technology penetration digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? technologies base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) 66 percentage of laboratories among digital technology users, the most used technology is scanner and the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send scans to a manufacturer or milling center. 63% is the percent of scanner owners, out of the total digital restorations providers, who use the scanner to send the files outside for milling. in comparison to year 2015, scanner owners increased remarkably, along with milling center owners. on the other hand, the percentage of full outsourcing providers showed a relevant decrease. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following supply channels? channels 67 base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) the manufacturer/milling center is the most used channel, with a 70% of users. percentage of laboratories in comparison to year 2015, there have been a relevant decrease of laboratories being supplied by partner labs, while the use of the manufacturer channel increased remarkably. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 68 percentage of laboratories base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those using a scanner, 35% of them also have an in-houose milling and 25% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their models or scans to a partner lab, 69% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 29% of them also have an in-house milling. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 69 base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those performing full outsourcing, 75% of them send the models to a manufacturer and 68% of them send the models to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or models to a partner lab in 29% of the cases they also have an in-house milling and in 64% of the cases they also send the scans or models to a manufacturer/milling center. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. percentage of laboratories brands numeric distribution and intention to buy digital technologies and cad-cam frame materials scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? total scanners (330 cases) scans sent outside (242 cases) the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies have certainly increased their presence among the spanish dental labs, and dentsply sirona improved its position too. 71 in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 139 cases (milling units owners) 72 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, vhf and amann girrbach have increased their performance over the last years. manufacturer milling centers: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 205 cases (manufacturer users) 73 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as ideas medical solution, while sineldent confirms its leading position among the centralized milling centers in spain. cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 84 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 74 processing without dont know / no answer the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. technology intention to buy are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year? 75 18% of those not performing fixed prosthetics using digital technologies plan to start within a year. this percentage increases among laboratories with three or more technicians (31%) and among those declaring a positive perception with respect to the future of their business (27%). if, on one hand, the intention to buy have increased remarkably in recent years - in 2012 only 7% of those not providing digitally produced prosthesis declared they would have done - with the wide spreading of the digital technology, still there seem to be a hard socket of those somehow adverse to it, as the very slight change from 2015 (16%) to 2018 (18%) demonstrates. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 159 cases (not providing digital restorations) 2015: 25 cases intention to buy intention to buy technology intention to buy: why not are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year? if not, why? 76 base: 131 cases (not willing to provide digital restorations) the most relevant reasons still are related to a low demand for this kind of technology / no need, or because it requires what is considered to be a too high investment. intention to buy 2015 customer experience and loyalty metrics overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. net promoter score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score 78 satisfaction score: overall brands lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to mean 79 overall brands (538 quotes) satisfaction score: overall brands vs. open technologies lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) open technologies overall open technologies (50 quotes) mean 80 overall brands (538 quotes) satisfaction score: overall brands vs. amann girrbach lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) amann girrbach overall amann girrbach (30 quotes) 81 overall brands (538 quotes) mean satisfaction score: overall brands vs. 3shape lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) 3shape overall 3shape (26 quotes) 82 overall brands (538 quotes) mean satisfaction score: focus on completely satisfied - difference from mean open technologies (50 quotes) overall (538 quotes) amann girrbach (30 quotes) 3shape (26 quotes) 83 perceived value score: main brands to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 84 mean base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes open technologies shows a relevant performance in perceived value score, while 3shape mean value is below average. mean n.p.s base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes net promoter score: main brands how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) it is interesting to note that, according to the literature, generally speaking, the nps value should be above 20 to be considered satisfactory. certainly this value may differ according to the market segment under analysis, but its just interesting to note that the highest nps score in this case is 13 by amann girrbach. it is also worth to compare the spanish results from italy, where the values of the leading brands were all above the possible answers have been further clustered. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 85 repurchase intention score: main brands 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. mean 86 base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes still comparing the spanish results to the italian ones, it is worth to note the higher perception of risk in spain, where all investigated brands show a certain percentage of very low scores below overall satisfaction bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). 88 the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. reliability, handiness and accuracy show the highest correlation scores, while the items related to the software updates, technical support and assistance have less impact on the overall satisfaction. its interesting to note the differences in the importance of the attributes when different topics are considered: in overall, it looks like the recommendation is dependent from confidence in the brand, reliability and the fact that the brand is customer oriented, while when it comes to evaluate the overall satisfaction in the use of this kind of equipment, the most relevant items are referred - more than the simple reliability - to the ease of use, increased productivity and the possibility to make the daily practice easier. also, although the cost of sw updates seems not to be a relevant issue, the overall running costs look to have an impact on the overall satisfaction. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 89 items importance satisfaction score overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 90 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. it is interesting to see that the company availability and flexibility, the overall running costs and the start-up training are key items in the construction of the overall satisfaction. (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference prerequisites key success factors overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies 91 items importance satisfaction score the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. the correlation analysis on open technologies highlights that accuracy, reliability the ability to make the daily practice easier are very important items for the construction of the satisfaction. not significant not significant not significant overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies 92 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. the start-up training, as seen in the overall analysis map, seems to be important in the construction of the satisfaction among open technologies users, while its satisfaction score looks to be very low indeed. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 93 items importance satisfaction score opposite to the overall results, the most relevant items in the construction of amann girrbach satisfaction seems to be related to the company availability and flexibility and to the technical assistance and support areas, in addition to the overall running costs and the software updates. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 94 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. there is plenty of items in the critical area for improvement in the amann girrbach map, given that almost all items showing a higher than average weight in the construction of the overall satisfaction do show a lower than average satisfaction score. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 95 items importance satisfaction score 3shape correlation analysis shows a quite different situation in comparison to the overall brands. the most important items for the construction of the satisfaction are company availability and flexibility, frequency of sw updates and start-up training. not significant overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 96 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. as seen in the map of amann girrbach, a lot of items are placed in the critical area for improvement of 3shape map. among them, start up training, frequency of sw updates and overall running costs are those with the highest weight on the overall satisfaction. overall satisfaction factor analysis customer satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the equipment, not only in terms of accuracy, quality and reliability, but also in terms of letting the laboratory perform at its best, having an easier daily practice and an increased productivity. other relevant items featuring this factor are related to a wide range of procedures and materials available. factor 2 (support) it is interesting to note that among the items included in this factor, there is business development support, which is not very closely related to the technical area, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but is felt to be important in the support provided by the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 98 3 factors performance support operating costs accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,831 makes daily practice easier 0,819 productivity increase 0,814 reliability 0,813 wide range of procedures available 0,798 handiness / ease of use 0,769 wide range of materials available 0,728 compatibility with other brands 0,681 start-up training 0,580 company availability and flexibility 0,560 technical assistance in case of repair 0,834 technical support from the company 0,779 business development support 0,549 cost of sw updates 0,861 overall running costs 0,625 + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value.", "type": "Document"}}