{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "(multiple answer) 25 base: 722 cases according to the opinion of the respondents the main consequence brought by 3d printing is related to the wider range of materials available. this is by far the most quoted one with 88% of yes, higher than the sample of dental practices. the least mentioned possible consequence brought by 3d printing is a reduction in the costs of the restorations, which received only 45% of positive responses, not so far from the results of the clinical sample (40%). it will be interesting to evaluate in the following slides, option by option, the different behaviour in the evaluated countries. a) the kind of materials and procedures produced digitally will broaden (kind of materials will broaden) b) the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow will increase (efficiency/flexibility will increase) c) the costs of the restorations will decrease because of the lower price of the materials used compared to the cad- cam blocks (costs of restorations will decrease) scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the kind of materials and procedures produced digitally will broaden) 26 base: 722 cases there is no particular difference in the behaviour by country, with the exception of uk, where almost all respondents agreed on yes regarding the statement under analysis. spain is the country showing the lowest percentage of yes, but also the highest percentage of respondents undecided (13%). scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow will increase) 27 base: 722 cases in comparison to the overall mean (73%) believing that 3d printing could bring an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, the italian respondents seem to be the most skeptical ones, with only 38% of positive responses. german respondents look to be the most positive ones about this topic. scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the costs of the restorations will decrease because of the lower price of the materials used compared to the cad-cam blocks) 28 base: 722 cases the whole sample seems to be not particularly convinced that 3d printing will bring a reduction in the costs of the consumable materials, as the overall average of positive responses is 45% only. uk looks to be the most positive country, with 58% of yes, while the least positive one looks to be france, with 33%. spain is very close to france, with 34% of yes. scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? focus on yes answers 29 base: 722 cases the answers yes belonging to all 3 possible options were summed up. the charts shown in this slide resumes the weight that the yes responses of each option has out of the total yes answers from all three options. the charts highlight that the consequence indicated to be the most probable one is the possibility that the kind of materials and procedures will broaden, with a weight of 43%. the highest weight comes from italy (50%), while the lowest one is from germany (40%), which, on the contrary, shows the highest percentage of quotes related to the increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow (39% vs 35% overall). brand awareness brand awareness: unaided what manufacturers of the new digital technology world (as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.) come to your mind? 31 among laboratories 3shape is the leader in awareness, followed by sirona and 3m. it is worth to mention the presence of nobel biocare as dental implant company but deeply focused on digital restorations, and ivoclar vivadent. spontaneous awareness (unaided): it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. base: 722 cases brand awareness: unaided what manufacturers of the new digital technology world (as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.) come to your mind? 32 3shape leadership in brand awareness is in all investigated countries with the only exception of uk, where 3m is the first mentioned brand. its interesting to note the very good awareness level of bego in germany, along with other local brands. brand positioning brand positioning: overall brands in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 34 base: 617 quotes processing without don't know high reputation received, together with other items, the highest average score. other important items are reliability, trustworthy and innovative. the lowest scores come from affordable, too expensive and good price/quality ratio. as if the image of the brand in the digital world are is not associated with price related topics. note the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. brand positioning: 3shape, sirona-cerec, 3m in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 35 base: 133 quotes 3shape sirona-cerec 3m processing without don't know base: 57 quotes base: 42 quotes brand positioning: zirkonzahn, kavo, bego in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 36 zirkonzahn kavo bego processing without don't know base: 45 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 32 quotes brand positioning: amann girrbach, dental wings, ivoclar vivadent in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 37 processing without don't know base: 30 quotes base: 24 quotes base: 25 quotes amann girrbach dental wings ivoclar vivadent other base: 165 quotes brand positioning: overall in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? 38 + mean score 3shape doesnt show any specific topic different from the rest of investigated companies, mostly because given the high number of quotes received, its performance affect the overall results and is rather close to the mean values. other companies worth to be mentioned are bego, higher than average in trustworthy, but far below for too expensive, and sirona, whose performance with specific regard to affordability and customer service oriented, is not on par with the other brands. zirkonzahn shows higher scores for recommendation and innovation, while amann girrbach is higher than average in good price quality ratio. base: 133 quotes base: 57 quotes base: 42 quotes base: 45 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 24 quotes base: 25 quotes base: 165 quotes in the analysis of the following slides the weight of the single items on the recommendation will be investigated, by mean of the correlation analysis. brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis 39 items score items weight on recommendation with the bivariate correlation analysis we try to understand how much the factors seen in the factor analysis influence the recommendation, by analysing the different weight that the single items composing the factors have on the recommendation. in the chart on the left the weight of each item on the recommendation is represented, while in he chart on the right there is the score that each item has achieved in overall. bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, each brand positioning item) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single factors and the rating on the recommendation how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis ranking 40 focus on weight on recommendation when the analysis is performed on the ranking based on the weight that the different items have on the recommendation of the main brands, its interesting to note how not all items are relevant to all brands. the light grey coloured items are not relevant to the recommendation and its interesting to see that some brands show some items to be not relevant. this is the case of zirkonzahn, dental wings and ivoclar vivadent. the first four items, generally speaking, are the most important ones, with some brands showing exceptions, like 3m, where among the most important items affecting the recommendation are leading company and good price quality ratio; kavo where items like customer service oriented and good price quality ratio are important. amann girrbach also show some differences: the most relevant items are reliable and customer service oriented. overall ranking 3shape sirona 3m zirkon zahn kavo bego amann girrbach dental wings ivoclar vivadent other makes daily practice easier 1 1 1 5 3 10 5 6 6 8 2 trustworthy 2 4 2 9 2 1 1 3 9 7 4 innovative and at the forefront 3 2 4 8 4 7 9 9 2 5 3 highly reputable 4 3 3 2 1 2 2 4 1 3 7 customer service oriented 5 7 8 6 7 3 6 2 3 2 1 reliable 6 5 5 7 8 9 3 1 5 4 5 good price quality ratio 7 8 6 1 10 4 10 8 10 1 6 leading company 8 9 10 3 5 5 7 5 8 9 9 worldwide renowned 9 6 9 4 9 6 8 7 4 11 10 affordable 10 10 7 10 6 8 4 10 7 6 8 too expensive 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 10 11 brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis map 41 the map is the visual results of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical one theres the rating of each item.", "type": "Document"}}