{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "as an example, a 95% confidence level means that the data acknowledged by the research is secure in 95% of the cases. confidence interval indicates how much the research data deviate from reality. though the research results are representative, they may not perfectly match those that would be obtained if the entire population was considered, each probing has an approximation degree that makes up the research's maximum error. in this case, the confidence interval of +-4% indicates that if data in the research equals 50%, the actual result may vary in +4% or -4%, i.e, it should be considered between 64%(60%+4%) and 56% (60%-4%). calculation basis for contingency data generally, the development presented here is calculated based on the responses of interviewees (usually the charts are blue colored) and indicate the percentage of dentists that achieve a given result. in other cases, certain questions have a quantitative nature (number of fillings, number of chairs, number of patients, etc.) and in this case, the reference base is the total amount in respect to the analyzed subject. (% of fillings, % of chairs, % of patients, etc.), in this case, the charts are usually green colored. other types of sample are indicated separately (e.g., % or average of fillings with amalgam in the full probing or only related to those that used amalgam). types of questions the research was completely developed with close-ended questions, which would result a single answer (therefore, the total of answers with a 100% result) or multiple answers (in this case, the sum of answers above 100% because the interviewee could choose one or more options). questions with multiple responses were indicated by the side of the corresponding chart. research sample 13 the analysis of this study is made up and analyzed by three segmentations of responding dental practices: random sample: responding dental practices resulting from a random database of brazilian practices. owners sample: responding dental practices that have cad-cam equipment (scanner and/or chairside dental milling) rising out of a random database and dentsply sirona clients database plus users of random sample (60+10). total sample: sum of answers of random and owners samples. + 60 users (oversample) region cases % north + center-west region 82 14% northeast region 93 16% southeast region (without so paulo) 127 22% southeast region (with so paulo) 176 31% south region 92 16% total 570 100% the table refers to the number of cases measured by each nielsen area. the north region has a poorer statistical result and, thus, was aggregated to the center-west region. southwest, which represents about 60% of the country's economy, presents a high number of cases, which even allowed to isolate the state of so paulo, in order to evaluate data separately. the sample consists of 570 dental practices stratified by nielsen areas. to correctly represent the brazilian market, the analyzed cases were weighed. the weight was calculated considering the distribution of practices in the brazilian states. segmentation data structural and demographic segmentation 2,1 dental chairs mean: 1995 49 years 2.1 dentists demographic segmentation demographic and structural segmentation 15 base: 570 cases total sample random sample equivalent dentists are the amount of dentists working in a practice. the number was calculated considering dentists who work full-time, summed to the rotating services provider dentists. it is considered that for each 5 services provider dentists there is 1 full time dentist, considering that on average an office has 5 dentists in rotation per week. segmentation parameters 16 random sample social class of patients monthly expenditure on consumable materials mean monthly revenue internal laboratory mean: brl 2,603 mean: brl 19,916 base: 570 cases total sample production / services 17 random sample base: 570 cases total sample mean: 57.6 patients per week number of weekly appointments number of precision impressions mean: 10.7 precision printings per week number of implant surgeries mean: 55.1 implant surgeries in the last year practice management 18 random sample business plan work costs awareness awareness of the cost of treatments and markup base: 570 cases total sample the world of cad-cam technology users sample: 70 users (owners) purchase behavior cad-cam reasons for the purchase of cad-cam equipment in the moment when you decided to invest in a cad-cam equipment, what was the reason that made you buy a cad-cam? 21 base: 70 cases owners among the drivers for an office to invest in cad-cam equipment, there are, specially factors related to the increase in productivity and performance, specially for 61% of the owners save work time. owners sample reasons for the purchase of cad-cam equipment how much do you agree with the following claims about the moment when you decided to invest in cad-cam? please, rate 1 to 10, 1 being completely disagree and 10 completely agree. 22 base: 70 cases owners mean owners sample pillars of reasons for purchase cad-cam equipment cad-cam perceived image. 23 the reduction in factors made by those who purchased a cad-cam device allows to identify three pillars of perceived image regarding cad-cam: future oriented: includes the items that express an innovation concept, which through the cad-cam technology will be improved, whether the quality of materials used or the office's image itself. added value: includes items that express a concept of improvement in the offer of services and economical and financial advantages coming from the purchase of the product.", "type": "Document"}}