{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "value of purchases in materials: the segment with a lower than average expenditure are more sensitive to the image and also to the increased independence from the lab. implantology: this is the segmentation showing the biggest differences in the purchasing behaviour. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment stratification type of practice management 54 owners sample owners sample strategic plan those having a strategic business plan resulted to be more interested in the performance and far less to the independence from the lab. the other 2 drivers did not show statistically relevant differences. type of technology the kind of technology used shows a different mapping: to the only scanner users, the image and innovation perspective prevail, while the chairside milling users seem to be motivated by the independence from the lab and a higher attention to the patient care. other significant aspects those having purchased the equipment in an emotional way is strongly influenced by the image and not interested at all to the independence from the lab. the cad-cam frequent users are more oriented to the performance and the image. base: 105 cases owners all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam intraoral scanner benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the intraoral scanner? 56 base: 45 cases scanner owners the most quoted advantage, with more than 50% of the quotes, is the reduction of working times, related to the improvement of the productivity and the performance. the second most quoted advantage is the high precision of the digital impression, which is related to the aspects of precision and quality of the performance. random sample chairside milling unit benefits spontaneous statements what are the most important benefits in using the chairside milling unit? 57 base: 17 cases chairside milling owners the main quoted benefit is the reduction of working times, linked to the aspects of the surgery performance. the second quoted advantage is the possibility to make indirect restorations in one single visit. considering that the third quoted advantage (depend less upon the lab), is partially linked to the surgery performance, the main advantage in the use of the chairside milling are related to the increase of the productivity and the performance. random sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis evaluate the overall experience with a brand and how much the customer needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the price paid for that product. advocacy the willingness of a user to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors for each brand. the bas subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of-mouth referrals. 59 loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention brand advocacy score advocates extremely likely how likely are you to recommend the following company brands to a colleague? neither unlikely nor likely neutrals detractors unlikely likely loyalty metrics 60 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or detractors\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s.", "type": "Document"}}