{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "chart reasons to use: scanners - europe the most quoted reasons to use mentioned by the sample of dental practices are quite different from those quoted by the dental laboratories. among the dental practices prevails the ease of use and the comfort, either it be for the patients or for the dentists themselves. only later on come the innovation and the precision of the system. on the other hand, among the sample of dental laboratories, the quality of the restorations and the range of procedures available prevail, that is, first come quality and key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 32 flexibility. also, the responses from the laboratories make understand that the increase in the productivity is felt to be an important feature that the digital technologies have to bring. chart reasons to use: milling units - europe efficiency, simplification of the procedures and overall increased quality over the traditional prosthetics procedures are among the most relevant reasons mentioned for use of a chairside milling, or a milling unit at the lab. in this case, the results of the dentists sample are not very different from those of laboratories. chart intention to buy: scanners/milling units - europe its interesting to note that the more mature technical market also shows a lower percentage of intention to by a scanner/milling unit than the dental practices. and again, when it comes to the evaluation of this indicator by country, germany shows the lowest percentages of intention to buy. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 33 with regard to the clinical sample, the countries showing the highest percentages of intention to buy are italy and spain, while among the laboratories, the countries are italy and france. among the most relevant reasons for not buying a scanner/milling unit, there are the lack of need, therefore it is not felt necessary, so it may be a good point for future commercial actions by the companies involved in this segment, and the excessive cost, together with the fact that a good portion of respondents still feel the traditional method to be the most preferred one. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 34 customer satisfaction and loyalty metrics the analysis of the overall scores of the customer satisfaction highlighted the relatively lower scores given by the sample of dental practices in comparison to the results showed by the dental laboratories. although the quality seems to be unquestionable, the same item accuracy and quality of the restorations showed an average of 7,8 in the sample of dental practices, while among laboratories it showed a score of 8,3 and for both it was the highest score among all investigated items. the other items to be the most satisfactory for both samples, were handiness/ease of use and wide range of materials available, which somehow match the needs expressed by both samples in the analysis of the most important reasons to use. reliability completes the list of the most relevant items that received the highest satisfaction scores, while, on the bottom side there is the price area, with the items overall running costs and cost of sw updates, which received among the lowest scores. the correlation analysis will explain which items are more relevant in the assessment of the overall satisfaction and if there are critical items to be monitored closely. chart customer satisfaction: bivariate correlation analysis: weight of items on the overall satisfaction europe its interesting to note that no item related to the assistance and support has been mentioned among the most satisfactory items. given the high technology content of this specific product segment, the support from the company becomes crucial and the multiple correlation analysis highlighted the importance of some items - related to the support and assistance from the manufacturer whose satisfaction score was not ranked among the highest ones. overall running cost, which resulted to be a key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 35 rather unsatisfactory item, looks to be more important to the dental practices, in the assessment of the overall satisfaction, than to the laboratories. chart customer satisfaction: bivariate correlation analysis map - europe in the lower right side of the maps there are the items whose satisfaction was not high, but whose weight on the overall satisfaction has to be considered higher than average, thus representing, from an overall point of view, key factor of success. in the sample of dental practices, the analysis highlighted the support and the assistance from the manufacturer, along with the running costs, to be critical in the assessment of the overall satisfaction. the sample of dental laboratories highlighted, other than the assistance in case of repair, a clear need for sw updates and flexibility from the manufacturer to meet the needs of their customers (laboratories). if the analysis is performed on the single manufacturers, the key factors of success become weak items, because their importance is high, but their satisfaction score is lower than average and all most relevant items mentioned for the overall analysis are present as weak items in the analysis by brand. on the laboratory side, its worth to highlight the weaknesses related to the service and support area for sirona, the running costs (overall and sw updates) and flexibility for amann girrbach and, in general, a lack of satisfaction in the area of assistance and support. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 36 chart customer satisfaction, factor analysis - europe the factor analysis (4 factors) performed on the customer satisfaction items highlighted, as happened with the recommendation, almost the same items. management costs and compatibility were exactly the same, while the first two were slightly different. in the clinical sample the quality of the product is joint to the quality of the service, thus making just one factor product and service quality, while in the sample of dental laboratories the product quality is alone and the service is part of a different factor focused on the area of support and assistance. the technical assistance and support make the difference: for the dental practices, they belong to the first factor, while for the laboratory they belong to the second one. chart customer satisfaction, multiple regression analysis - europe this analysis takes care of assessing how much the single factors affect the overall satisfaction. as previously seen in the factor analysis, the technical assistance and support look to be important, because in the sample of dental practices the first factor, which includes those items, weights far more than the other ones (43%), while in the sample of dental laboratories is the second factor again, including those factors the most important one, with 33% of weight on the overall satisfaction. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 37 also, its worth to underline the relative higher importance of the cost items for the dental practices, given that the factor management costs weights 26% vs 18% for the dental laboratories. conclusions the brand awareness highlighted a not negligible influence by the digital technologies in general, especially with regard to the dental practices, where some brands may have seen their performance affected by market segments like digital x-ray and digital guided surgery for dental implants. sirona resulted to be by far the brand with the most relevant performance, especially among dental practices. as for the dental laboratories, the performance of sirona faces the presence of other brands like 3shape, dental wings, zirkonzahn and amann girrbach. the factor analysis highlighted a possible positioning of the mentioned brands according to two main factors, the nearness and the reputation possibly affecting the recommendation. while on the sample of dental practices the positioning resulted to be rather affected by the performance of sirona, whose position was not distinctive, the analysis performed on the dental laboratories highlighted kavo positioning to be more related to the nearness, and so was for bego, while other brands like ivoclar vivadent, 3shape and zirkonzahn have been more linked to the reputation. the use of the different equipment is more widespread among the dental laboratories, whose penetration resulted to be far higher than the dental practices. the fact that the technical market may be considered rather more mature than the clinical one, is proved by the intention to buy digital equipment in the future, whose value was just 12% versus 21% of the dental practices. the brand numeric distribution highlighted a higher number of competitors present in the technical segment than the clinical one, and the distribution highlighted the same brands mentioned in the awareness analysis. the most important reasons to use mentioned by the respondents were related to ease of use, comfort, quality and efficiency, other than the possibility offered by this kind of technology to shorten the production workflow and increase the productivity, but the multivariate analysis performed on the satisfaction highlighted some critical items related to the service and support from the manufacturers, which didnt receive fully satisfactory scores, but whose importance in the assessment of the overall satisfaction was above average. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 38 appendix: production dental laboratories chart indirect digital restorations production (calculation from number of restorations) - europe the overall production of digital indirect restorations showed a higher than average performance from germany, followed by the uk, which, although is the country with the lowest percentage of digital technologies users among the investigated countries, highlighted a rather high production among the users of this technology (given the low number of cases, this information should be taken as an indication only). the lowest production comes from italy. chart indirect digital restorations production breakdown by material (calculation from number of restorations) - europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 39 the statements from the respondents proved the zirconia to be the most used one, followed by cocr. germany shows a higher than average use of zirconia, while some others, such as france and spain, look to make more use of cocr. lithium disilicate seems to be more than average used in italy and uk. given the low number of cases, the information regarding the countries should be considered as a qualitative information.", "type": "Document"}}