{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 136 3shape (45 quotes) 3shape overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 137 it is interesting to note that for 3shape the price items are not significant for the recommendation. the most important items, on the contrary, are high reputation, trust and reliability. clinic items importance average score not significant not significant not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape 138 clinic reliability and trust, two of the most important items are in the critical area, followed by the ability to simplify daily work. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: carestream with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 139 carestream (33 quotes) carestream overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? carestream 140 for carestream, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. also in this case, the items related to the price are not significant. clinic items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation carestream 141 clinic the items makes daily practice easier and trustworthy looks to be somehow critical in carestream recommendation model, as they are located in the critical area. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape overall labo 3shape (127 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) 142 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape labo items importance average score not significant not significant 143 the same items present in the overall analysis are those more relevant to 3shape recommendation model. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape labo 144 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the ability to make the daily practice easier is felt to be an important item whose average score proved to be lower than average, and this is true also for the item trustworthy. dentsply sirona (76 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) brand positioning: dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona overall labo 145 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? denstply sirona items importance average score labo not significant 146 the recommendation for dentsply sirona looks to be slightly different from the overall analysis, as the ability to make the daily practice easier looks to be the most relevant item, along with innovation, in the construction of the recommendation. trustworthy and customer orientation look to be quite relevant too. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation denstply sirona labo 147 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and the ability to be customer service oriented. zirkonzahn (70 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn overall labo 148 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn labo items importance average score not significant 149 in the evaluation of zirkonzahn brand performance, apart from reliability and innovation, the ability to be a leading brand seems to be important in the construction of the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation zirkonzahn labo 150 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. like it happens for dentsply sirona, it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and to be customer service oriented. in the zirkonzahn map, trustworthy is present in this area, too. dental wings (42 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: dental wings with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dental wings overall labo 151 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dental wings items importance average score not significant not significant not significant labo 152 the correlation analysis for dental wings looks quite similar to the overall analysis, where the most relevant items received high scores as well. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation dental wings labo 153 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. nobil metal (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: nobil metal with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. nobil metal overall labo 154 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? nobil metal labo 155 not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for nobil metal, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation nobil metal labo solo litem buon rapporto qualit/prezzo si trova nellarea critica di miglioramento. 156 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. roland (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: roland with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. roland overall labo 157 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? roland per roland, gli items pi importanti ai fini della raccomandazione sono la fiducia, linnovazione e il buon rapporto qualit prezzo. labo 158 not significant not significant items importance average score items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation roland labo 159 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. only the item \"good quality / price ratio\" is in the critical area of improvement. there are several items on which resources are not worth investing. customer experience analysis due to the reduced number of cases, it is possible to perform the analysis by brand only for the sample of laboratories satisfaction score: open technologies lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) open technologies overall 161 open technologies (42 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies labo the correlation analysis highlights how for open technologies the overall satisfaction is not influenced by items generally valid for other companies, which are not significant. only two items among those proposed are relevant, therefore it would be necessary to further investigate if there are any other drivers of satisfaction. 162 items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant satisfaction score: 3shape lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) 3shape overall labo 163 3shape (31 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape labo 164 the number of relevant items is lower in the correlation analysis model for 3shape, however, the reliability and the ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. - items importance + average score + overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction 3shape waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement labo 165 the map for 3shape shows a quite satisfactory situation, as all items being relevant to the construction of the satisfaction are placed in the uper right side of the map. satisfaction score: dental wings lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) dental wings overall labo 166 dental wings (28 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? dental wings labo 167 not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for dental wings, accuracy, reliability and ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction dental wings labo waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement items importance + average score + 168 the correlation analysis map for dental wings clearly show that one of the most relevant items in the construction of the satisfaction - handiness / ease of use - didnt receive satisfactory scores, therefore it is placed in the critical area in the lower right quadrant of the map. satisfaction score: amann girrbach lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) amann girrbach overall labo 169 amann girrbach (25 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach labo not significant items importance average score 170 the correlation analysis on amann girrbach statements highlights that reliability and technical assistance are very important items, along with a wide range of procedures and the fact of being able to achieve a simplified daily practice. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction amann girrbach waste/inefficiency indifference items importance + average score + strength points critical areas of improvement labo 171 the correlation map for amann girrbach is quite coherent and consistent , although a few items look to be weaker than other, because they show a higher than average weight on the overall satisfaction, but they received a lower than average satisfaction score. this is the case of frequency of sw updates, technical assistance and company availability and flexibility. other indicators: perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) mean base: 365 quotes base: 31 quotes base: 28 quotes base: 25 quotes base: 42 quotes labo 172 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to mean (365 quotes) (31 quotes) (28 quotes) (25 quotes) (42 quotes) other indicators: repurchase intention score 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) labo 173 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. other indicators: net promoter score how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) labo mean n.p.s (365 quotes) (31 quotes) (28 quotes) (25 quotes) (42 quotes) 174 the possible answers have been further clustered. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}