{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "omnivision digital europe 2015 summary published in march 2016 by key-stone s.r.l. 10095 grugliasco (to) | via s. doppi 20/b torino- italia key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 2 phone +39 011 3119430 foreword this document is an addendum to the overall report of the omnivision digital europe. the report aims to highlight the information about how dentists and dental technicians are dealing with the new dental digital technologies in europe. the goal is to understand the key aspects of the role of these new technologies in the offices and laboratories daily work and how the respondents feel about the digital dentistry today. introduction the first digital revolution in the dental market took place years ago with dental restorations such as veneers, inlays, crowns and bridges using dental cad-cam systems and new, improved systems appear on the market at very high growth rates. the dentistry market is currently experiencing a very exciting time for both dental practices, laboratory owners and professionals. new digital technologies, even if yet way behind compared with other areas such as engineering, medicine, biomedical, and others in terms of technologies, are being developed by the main manufacturers of the dental industry. the development of the digital technologies applied in dentistry will simplify the workflows and take the industry - that formerly existed on a purely analog environment - on another level in terms of production and automation. as the cost of a partner laboratory work is one of the major factor in dentistry, some partners laboratories and milling centers are adopting digital technologies in order to reduce costs and set themselves to another level of quality. in other hand, as laboratories and milling centers keep improving practices and procedures, the main manufacturers also keep investing in research and developing the next generation of products, systems, and technologies to meet the expectations and needs of the customers. this report and the information contained therein are believed to be accurate at the time of publishing. the information and data provided is not guaranteed in any way by key-stone or its analysts, managers, partners, agents or authors. this report, by default, carries a single license and is copyrighted. it should therefore not be copied or reproduced in any form, by any means, in part or in whole without a written permission from key-stone s.r.l. reproducing, photocopying or redistributing of this report or other reports from key-stone s.r.l. to other sites, facilities, units, divisions, affiliates or corporate offices of the purchasers organization is prohibited. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 3 methodology glossary the confidence level indicates the reliability level of the research. for example, a confidence level equal to 95% means that the phenomenon pointed out by the research is true at 95% of certainty. the confidence interval indicates how much the research data diverge from reality. as the sample results, even if representative, cannot be perfectly correspondent to those obtainable interviewing the entire population. each research has an approximation degree, which represents the maximum error of the research. for example, a confidence interval of 3% indicates that if the research phenomenon is equal to 60%, the result can change, in comparison with the reference universe, by an extra 3% or a minus 3% and in this way it is included between 63% (60% +3%) and 57% (60% -3%). sample composition the interviews were performed, between july and september of 2015, by our team of specialists, with the support of a cati system. the total number of interviews performed for this research is 1.000 dental practices and 722 dental laboratories. statistical note - dental practices confidence interval: 7,35% the number of interviews conducted in each country was about 200 as shown here at (a). the weight of the surveyed countries regarding the dental practices is shown at (b). the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the number of dental practices is a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the number of the surgeries for that country, out of the total evaluated countries. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 4 in this case, the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameter considered. therefore, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameter used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). statistical note dental laboratories confidence interval: 8,39% the number of interviews conducted in each country were about 150 as shown here at (a). the average weight of the surveyed countries was calculated considering two parameters: number of dental laboratories and business collected from a panel of major manufacturers in europe for the consumable market (the fast track analysis europe), shown at (b). key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 5 the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the parameters considered (number of laboratories and fast track europe* business) are a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the parameters indicated for that country, out of the total (number of laboratories and fast track business) evaluated countries. in this case, since the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameters considered, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameters used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a).", "type": "Document"}}