{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "those users may need help from both the manufacturers and the scientific world to ease the path towards a higher familiarity with the digital technologies. future purchase intention intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 23 the practices with better performances declare a higher attitude to the purchase of a cad-cam system: practices spending more than 900 a month (50%); those placing more than 50 implants a year (53%). a higher attitude to purchase the cad-cam technology comes from both the clinics with dentists younger than 55 (38% for dentists younger than 45 and 36% for dentists aged between 45 and 55); and for practices with bigger size, with more than 3 chairs (47%). certainly yes + probably yes 33% random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 24 random sample base: 410 cases non owners the purchase intention is double among those who already uses the full outsourcing, compared to those who do not offer digital work flow prostheses 38% vs 17%. the analysis of the sample stratification allows for a precise profiling of the potential buyers to develop marketing activities on, in order to increase demand generation. intention to buy: intraoral scanner vs. chairside milling unit 25 among those keen to invest in the cad- cam technologies, almost all of them declare their willingness to purchase an intraoral scanner in the next future. in the purchase intention for certainly and probably the difference is huge. in those cases, it is the offer pulling on the demand certainly certainly + probably base: 135 cases potential clients random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? (yes/no) 26 random sample base: 410 cases non owners primary target profile they are basically web respondents (double the intention to buy versus the phone respondents, slightly higher for the chairside milling), subscribers to sector newsletters, rather independent and with not loyal relationships with the dealers. the dentists from the south of italy are those showing the higher interest, where, however, those technologies are less widespread, in particular the chairside milling, with an intention to buy which is double the average. the target focus is between 46 and 55 years old, the younger ones (up to 45) are more oriented to the scanner and the older ones (more than 55) to the chairside milling. with specific regard to the chairside milling, the core target is the practice open for more than 20 years. despite there is a direct correlation between the size and the intention to buy, the big sized practice with at least 3-4 chairs and several consultants is more oriented towards the purchase of a scanner and far less to the chairside milling, which seems to be more interesting to a mid-sized practice with 2-3 chairs, which in the future may recur to the partnership with an internal technician. the specialized practices seem to be more oriented to make the investment (47% specialized practices vs 25% general ones), in specific prosthetics and implant dentistry with more than 50 implants placed a year (52% vs 33% overall average). those interested to the chairside milling do show a lower attitude to the strategic planning, which is contrary to those interested in the scanner. in the imagery of the dentists more oriented to the purchase, the most quoted brands, for those willing to buy a scanner are most of all 3m followed by 3shape (even though sirona is always the first one in the intention to buy), while among those keen to invest in a chairside milling the most quoted brand is sirona. intention to buy: probably/certainly no why you probably/certainly no? why not? main issue the cost random sample base: 269 cases not interested in purchasing intention to buy: probably/certainly yes why you probably/certainly yes? why yes? future vs performance the results indicate two different attitudes towards the purchase, having their roots in two very different system values: one of them has a psychologic origin (emotional) while the other is more objective, linked to the performance. generally, the latter is more present in the life cycle of those products exiting from the launch period and entering into the development one. random sample base: 135 cases interested in purchasing intention to buy: chairside milling and intraoral scanner what scanner/chairside milling brands are you willing to purchase? 29 random sample for both technologies is rather high the weight of dont know, and in the case of the chairside milling, also brands without cad-cam equipment are mentioned. the scanner seems to be a more competitive market with the co-leaders evenly performing in the mental basket for the choice of the equipment. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing chairside milling scanner demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? 30 random sample the spontaneous answers, among them the most quoted ones are affordability and better financial conditions, have been aggregated according to their nature into five areas and considering the responses instead of the respopndents as the base, with the exclusion of dont know and not interested. this data processing allows for further comparison among the different clusters. base: 455 cases total sample demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 31 random sample base: 455 cases total sample very interesting to evaluate the different approach of the respondents via phone versus those responding via web.", "type": "Document"}}