{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "it defines the brand's ability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness which manufacturers (cad-cam) of intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit come to your mind? 52 base: 570 cases total sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the prominence index, in which a higher value indicates the brand's capacity to represent a products family. 13% of dentists know sirona as a brand, but only 11% of them know it to the point of mentioning it as first brand. the prominence index represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewee: the sum of percentage is 127%, i.e., in average, each dental office mentions more than 1 brand. random sample cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness do you know any of these brands? 53 base: 570 cases total sample the relevance index is important because it highlights the ability of a brand to be spontaneously recalled by interviewees, therefore, potentially when they need to make a purchase decision. in this preparation, statements that bring the product's name instead of the brand were expressed in this analysis (for instance: cerec, that obtained 4% of spontaneous notoriety, was summed to sironia's spontaneous notoriety). random sample relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence do you know any of these brands? 54 base: 570 cases total sample the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously first (prominence). in the b2b market, prominence is closely linked to the use of product. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more frequently than average. in the upper left side there are brands with an above average ability to be recalled spontaneously, but with less frequency than the average are mentioned as the first brands. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be recalled, but compared to the average, they are more frequently recalled as first brands. these are brands more recalled by their users, in their majority. amann girrbach has a low brand notoriety, but may be a future competitor to sirona in cad-cam equipment. planmeca is in a niche (almost elite) position, and if it improves its communication strenght, it may earn a relevant position in the digital technolgies world. random sample recommendation to colleagues cad-cam brands correlation analysis the correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and to measure the influence of independent variables (in this case, current and former users) over the dependent one (in this case, overall satisfaction). it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve an \"importance hierarchy\" of individual demonstrations and to show them in a chart and, then, in a map. the vertical axis always shows the rating that the different instructions have received, in an average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence over the global recommendation. thus, we get an \"estimated importance\" of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a little different of that explicitly declared. the analysis of each factor's weigh, and not only the stated importance, allows some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according with the viewpoint with which they are considered: 56 statistical grade recommendation before the whole market: here we can emphasize some prerequisites (each upper right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors are before the market), some key factors to success (lower right corner of the map, where the companies are not always able to be recommended regarding strategical matters), and indifference areas (lower left corner), that constitute waste/inefficiency areas when a company decides to invest in such items belonging to the upper left corner of the map, since they are prone to meet the market, but they really do not affect the overall recommendation. recommendation regarding a specific company: here the scheme is the same, but the strong points are highlighted in the upper right corner of the map, where we can establish the inefficiency or low differentiation when placed in the left side of the map. in the lower right corner we can notice an improvement area, where we can meet the weak points of a given company. ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues ranking of hierarchy of importance of items. whole sample 57 in the charts at the side are represented the weight of the items over brand recommendation. the items reliable, makes day-by-day easier and innovative and avant- garde are the items with higher impact in overall recommendation. items related with the price have lower global influence over the recommendation. for those who already have a cad-cam equipment (fundamental opinion), the quality-price relationship results to be less important. weight per item on the recommendation score focus on the mean not significant whole sample (255 quotes) weight on the recommendation items score + + ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues how much worth individual items on recommendation?", "type": "Document"}}