{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: carestream with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 139 carestream (33 quotes) carestream overall mean overall brands (216 quotes) clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? carestream 140 for carestream, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. also in this case, the items related to the price are not significant. clinic items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation carestream 141 clinic the items makes daily practice easier and trustworthy looks to be somehow critical in carestream recommendation model, as they are located in the critical area. the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape overall labo 3shape (127 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) 142 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape labo items importance average score not significant not significant 143 the same items present in the overall analysis are those more relevant to 3shape recommendation model. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape labo 144 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the ability to make the daily practice easier is felt to be an important item whose average score proved to be lower than average, and this is true also for the item trustworthy. dentsply sirona (76 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) brand positioning: dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona overall labo 145 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? denstply sirona items importance average score labo not significant 146 the recommendation for dentsply sirona looks to be slightly different from the overall analysis, as the ability to make the daily practice easier looks to be the most relevant item, along with innovation, in the construction of the recommendation. trustworthy and customer orientation look to be quite relevant too. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation denstply sirona labo 147 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and the ability to be customer service oriented. zirkonzahn (70 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn overall labo 148 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn labo items importance average score not significant 149 in the evaluation of zirkonzahn brand performance, apart from reliability and innovation, the ability to be a leading brand seems to be important in the construction of the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation zirkonzahn labo 150 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. like it happens for dentsply sirona, it is interesting to note that some items are located in the critical area, such as the ability to make the daily practice easier and to be customer service oriented. in the zirkonzahn map, trustworthy is present in this area, too. dental wings (42 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: dental wings with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dental wings overall labo 151 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dental wings items importance average score not significant not significant not significant labo 152 the correlation analysis for dental wings looks quite similar to the overall analysis, where the most relevant items received high scores as well. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation dental wings labo 153 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. nobil metal (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: nobil metal with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. nobil metal overall labo 154 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? nobil metal labo 155 not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for nobil metal, the most important items that affect recommendation are high reputation, the ability to simplify daily practice and reliability. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation nobil metal labo solo litem buon rapporto qualit/prezzo si trova nellarea critica di miglioramento. 156 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. roland (39 quotes) overall brands (652 quotes) mean brand positioning: roland with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. roland overall labo 157 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? roland per roland, gli items pi importanti ai fini della raccomandazione sono la fiducia, linnovazione e il buon rapporto qualit prezzo. labo 158 not significant not significant items importance average score items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation roland labo 159 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. only the item \"good quality / price ratio\" is in the critical area of improvement.", "type": "Document"}}