{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 74, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone Srl", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "(282 cases) (201 cases) overlap index: 1,23 1,09 processing without don't know the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? 40 the unaided awareness is highly affected by the use of a certain product and this is evident by analyzing the breakdown by digital technologies users and owners. base: 282 cases (whole sample) overlap index: 1,44 1,08 1,44 1,43 1,42 1,39 1,65 2,00 processing without don't know digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is worth to underline that some brands like 3m, dentsply sirona, ivoclar vivadent, kavo and straumann show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona and carestream show among the highest values of awareness related to the production of cad-cam equipment. * align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant difference. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 41 total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 282 cases (whole sample) the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness broadly speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands located in the right side of the map, whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right. 42 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness and total awareness digital for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness in the digital segment of brands like carestream and dentsply sirona: the latter, along with align technology, also showing a high relevance index, followed by 3shape and 3m. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 43 digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the map showing the total awareness digital and the relevance highlights that dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total and the unaided awareness and the highest total awareness as well. carestream shows a high performance as well, but with a lower awareness quality, since it is less frequently mentioned spontaneously. on the contrary, align technology is less known, but with a higher awareness quality, being mentioned more frequently in a spontaneous way. base: 282 cases (whole sample) total awareness digital + relevance + 44 brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. in overall, reputation and trust received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (196 quotes) mean 2018 2015 4,3 4,3 4,2 4,2 4,4 4,1 4,2 4,1 4,0 4,0 3,5 3,5 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. 46 brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (43 quotes) dentsply sirona overall mean overall brands (196 quotes) 47 overall (196 quotes) dentsply sirona (43 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 48 focus on recommendation bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 50 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. affordability, trust and reliability are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the analysis for dentsply sirona, highlights that innovation, reputation, trust and reliability are the items with the highest weight on recommendation. also affordability shows a higher than average importance in dentsply sirona recommendation model, but its score resulted to be below average, thus, it should be considered as a critical area of improvement. when considering the overall analysis, not to forget is the quite relevant importance of the item makes daily practice easier, whose score resulted to be below average. items importance average score 51 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical area for improvement the overall analysis highlights that affordable and makes daily practice easier could be considered as strategic factors in the recommendation, because despite a higher than average weight on it, they resulted to perform lower than average. 52 brand positioning factor analysis brand positioning: factor analysis the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. it relies on the concept that the correlations among the variables are not random, because they are due to some existing common factors. the aim is to identify and quantify the above said common factors. the factor analysis is a psychometric analysis, and it is used in the behavioural sciences, like social sciences, marketing, product management and other environments where a big amount of data is present. in this case, we have used the factor analysis to identify the main recommendation drivers for the main brands stated in the unaided awareness. the best results of the factor analysis have been achieved with 3 main factors: reputation customer orientation expensiveness factor 1 (reputation): this factor includes the items related to the image of the company, its ability to be a leading and highly reputable brand and its attitude towards innovation. factor 2 (customer orientation): this factor is made up of those items referring to a certain ability of the company to be customer oriented, not only in terms of customer service, but also with all those aspects regarding the ability to make the daily practice easier and its value for money. factor 3 (expensiveness): this factor is clearly related to the pricing policy and it shows a positive high correlation with the expensiveness, suggesting that a higher price could be a warranty of quality. 3 factors reputation customer orientation expensiveness leading company 0,893 worldwide reknown 0,853 highly reputable 0,782 innovative and at the forefront 0,688 trustworthy 0,625 good price quality ratio 0,813 makes daily practice easier 0,760 affordable 0,696 reliable 0,596 customer service oriented 0,551 too expensive 0,931 54 the displayed values represent the evaluation score of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. for each investigated factor, the horizontal bars represent how much the performance differs from the overall mean (vertical axis). brand positioning: factor analysis - difference from mean + evaluation score dentsply sirona got a higher than average evaluation on reputation and the performance on the expensiveness factor is on par with the overall analysis. the other follower brands got a lower performance in terms of reputation. 55 brand positioning multiple regression analysis brand positioning : multiple regression analysis 39% 12% reputation expensiveness 49% customer orientation in order to complete the factor analysis, it is important to also assess the weight of these factors on the recommendation to understand if an improvement in one of them can also affect the way a particular brand is recommended. therefore, these factors are used as a basis for a further analysis, called multiple regression analysis that aims to understand how they explain the recommendation. the figure \"r2 = 0,645\" means that about 65% of the recommendation is explained and it is based on the given factors. the overall model shows that the weight of the customer orientation factor is about 49%, therefore the importance of this factor is relevant. the second most important factor is the reputation and expensiveness show the lowest weights. recommendation (r2=0,645) 57 brand positioning : multiple regression analysis the chart highlights the weight of the analyzed factors on the recommendation, for dentsply sirona and for the other brands in overall, with the aim to understand if an improvement in one of them can also affect the way a given brand is recommended. in comparison to the overall breakdown, dentsply sirona is characterized by a lower than the average weight of customer orientation and a higher weight of expensiveness. 58 intention to buy technology intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if yes, what brand(s) are you going to consider for purchase? non-owners 60 base: 259 cases intention to buy age of the owner > 55 (25%) opening year before 1999 (27%) opening year 1999-2018 (44%) 3 or more dental units (51%) due to the lower number of cases, these figures should be taken as an indication only. base: 94 cases intention to buy the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned a certain brand. technology intention to buy: intraoral scanner are you willing to purchase an intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions within 2 years? if not, why?", "type": "Document"}}