{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. the start-up training, as seen in the overall analysis map, seems to be important in the construction of the satisfaction among open technologies users, while its satisfaction score looks to be very low indeed. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 93 items importance satisfaction score opposite to the overall results, the most relevant items in the construction of amann girrbach satisfaction seems to be related to the company availability and flexibility and to the technical assistance and support areas, in addition to the overall running costs and the software updates. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach 94 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. there is plenty of items in the critical area for improvement in the amann girrbach map, given that almost all items showing a higher than average weight in the construction of the overall satisfaction do show a lower than average satisfaction score. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 95 items importance satisfaction score 3shape correlation analysis shows a quite different situation in comparison to the overall brands. the most important items for the construction of the satisfaction are company availability and flexibility, frequency of sw updates and start-up training. not significant overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape 96 (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. as seen in the map of amann girrbach, a lot of items are placed in the critical area for improvement of 3shape map. among them, start up training, frequency of sw updates and overall running costs are those with the highest weight on the overall satisfaction. overall satisfaction factor analysis customer satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the equipment, not only in terms of accuracy, quality and reliability, but also in terms of letting the laboratory perform at its best, having an easier daily practice and an increased productivity. other relevant items featuring this factor are related to a wide range of procedures and materials available. factor 2 (support) it is interesting to note that among the items included in this factor, there is business development support, which is not very closely related to the technical area, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but is felt to be important in the support provided by the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 98 3 factors performance support operating costs accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,831 makes daily practice easier 0,819 productivity increase 0,814 reliability 0,813 wide range of procedures available 0,798 handiness / ease of use 0,769 wide range of materials available 0,728 compatibility with other brands 0,681 start-up training 0,580 company availability and flexibility 0,560 technical assistance in case of repair 0,834 technical support from the company 0,779 business development support 0,549 cost of sw updates 0,861 overall running costs 0,625 + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value.", "type": "Document"}}