{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "aided: please indicate if you know (even by hearsay) the following brands. 21 on average, the result of aided awareness is higher compared to the one recorded in 2018 for all the investigated brands. however, the following can be noticed: due to the fact that the top three brands already had very high aided awareness in 2018, the increase in spontaneous awareness in the 2023 edition results in better relevance compared to the last edition. as observed for unaided awareness, the prominence value of dentsply sirona is on par with that of 3m. as for ivoclar, while its prominence value was similar to kerr in 2018, in this years edition is now significantly higher. note: the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents. base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) dental products in general: unaided awareness vs. total awareness map unaided: what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? aided: please indicate if you know (even by hearsay) the following brands. - total awareness + unaided awareness + 22 the top-right quadrant of the map represents those brands that have an above-average ability to be spontaneously remembered by respondents and are also mentioned more frequently than the average in aided awareness. the main differences compared to the 2018 map are that dentsply sirona now shares the same position as 3m. furthermore, while in the last edition the other brands appeared much distant from the two mentioned brands, the current map includes ivoclar, kerr, and gc in the same quadrant of 3m and dentsply sirona. ivoclar, in particular, shows a better positioning regarding both unaided and aided awareness. dental products in general: relevance vs. prominence map unaided: what company brands come to your mind, when speaking about dental products in general? aided: please indicate if you know (even by hearsay) the following brands. - relevance + prominence + the relevance/prominence map also highlights the better performance of dentsply sirona, positioning it closely to 3m. it is also worth noting that ivoclar has improved its performance, especially in terms of relevance. gc, in particular, stands out as it surpasses the 2018 results and performs above average in both the relevance and the prominence indexes. 23 the top-right quadrant highlights those brands that are more frequently remembered spontaneously by respondents (high relevance) and, due to a higher frequency as a top of mind, are better able than other brands to represent the product segment which they relates to (high prominence). key take aways 24 significant increase in the average number of brands mentioned. this generally results in a decrease in the prominence index, as with a greater number of brands mentioned, the probability of being mentioned as the first one decreases. in terms of overall brand awareness, dentsply sirona demonstrates a performance on par with 3m, thus no longer holding absolute leadership. furthermore, it is worth noting the increased overall brand awareness of ivoclar. total brand awareness is also generally higher compared to what was observed in 2018 for all brands.", "type": "Document"}}