{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "notoriet complessiva nel segmento digitale per ognuna delle seguenti marche, gentilmente indichi se la conosce (come produttore cad-cam). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 43 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like 3shape, zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona, which, differently from amann girrbach, kavo, 3m or ivoclar vivadent, show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 44 total awareness digital + relevance + dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness, followed by 3shape and carestream. dental wings and align technologies, although at a lower total awareness level, do show relevance scores higher than average. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 45 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand which more than others can be recalled spontaneously to mind. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being far lower than zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona in terms of total awareness, do show similar values of relevance. - total awareness digital + relevance + labo digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 46 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right in the here shown map. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) 47 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map). for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + labo brand awareness and positioning evaluation scores on positioning items brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 49 clinic overall brands (216 quotes) mean in overall, worldwide reknown and highly reputable show the highest mean scores, probably because the target is more concerned with these factors. the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. dentsply sirona (78 quotes) overall (216 quotes) 3shape (45 quotes) carestream (33 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 50 clinic brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo overall brands (652 quotes) mean 51 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reputation and innovation received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be not relevant to the mentioned brands (or more difficult to recognize due to the absence of a direct purchase relationship). 3shape (127 quotes) overall (652 quotes) dentsply sirona (76 quotes) zirkonzahn (70 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo 52 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 53 items importance average score not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 54 the charts show the weight of the items on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. reliability, trust and reputation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation.", "type": "Document"}}