{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reputation and innovation received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be not relevant to the mentioned brands (or more difficult to recognize due to the absence of a direct purchase relationship). 3shape (127 quotes) overall (652 quotes) dentsply sirona (76 quotes) zirkonzahn (70 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo 52 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 53 items importance average score not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 54 the charts show the weight of the items on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. reliability, trust and reputation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. analyzing the main brands, dentsply sirona model is very similar to the general one, with the exception of good price quality ratio, thus becoming a strategic item, being ranked as one of the top items, but with a lower than the average evaluation score. as for 3shape the item focused on the reputation received very high scores, and this item is also important in the definition of the recommendation, nevertheless, reliability and trustworthy seem not to perform on par with the mentioned item. the items makes daily practice easier and trustworthy looks to be somehow critical in carestream recommendation model, as they result to affect heavily the recommendation, but received rather weak evaluation scores. clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 55 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors the overall analysis highlights that the customer orientation could be considered a strategic factor in the recommendation, because despite a higher than average weight on it, it resulted to perform lower than average. clinic brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 56 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. reliability, trust and innovation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation, even if the brand is perceived as affordable. items importance average score not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map 57 how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors in the overall recommendation model, the customer service oriented item looks to become a key success factor, given its weight on the recommendation and its lower than average score. labo brand awareness and positioning factor analysis brand positioning: factor analysis 3 factors factor 1 (reliability): it includes the elements related to trust and reliability transmitted by the brand, which affect the recommendation. according to the results, the reputation lies at the heart of reliability and the second factor factor 2 (leadership): the second factor is closely linked to the leadership of the brand from an awareness point of view. however, this factor totally lacks of objective elements related to product or service performance. factor 3 (nearness): it includes items related to the company's closeness to the technician / dentist and its ability to facilitate the daily practice and provide a good service as a whole. this is a distinct factor in the minds of the interviewees and it is also a component of the more general concept of quality. clinic+labo reliability leadership nearness trustworthy 0,794 reliable 0,735 recommendable to colleagues 0,734 innovative and at the forefront 0,656 highly reputable 0,619 0,571 worldwide reknown 0,882 leading company 0,729 makes daily practice easier 0,867 customer service oriented 0,561 factor analysis the factor analysis main purpose is to summarize the information of several items contained in a questionnaire results into few, synthetic factors. the main goal is to find out an underlying structure to a set of observed variables summarizing it in a smaller number of latent variables.", "type": "Document"}}