{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories labo satisfaction score: overall brands lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean overall brands (365 quotes) labo 101 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to open technologies (42 quotes) overall (365 quotes) 3shape (31 quotes) dental wings (28 quotes) amann girrbach (25 quotes) satisfaction score: focus on completely satisfied - difference from mean labo 102 bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the overall satisfaction). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single satisfaction items and the rating on the overall satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the satisfaction ratings that the different factors have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the overall satisfaction. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they tend to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average weight on the company satisfaction but lower than average satisfaction score). 103 the charts shows the weight that the items evaluated have on the overall satisfaction and on the right, their individual satisfaction score. accuracy and reliability showed among the highest correlation scores, but this is true for the technical assistance and the possibility to use the equipment for a wide range of materials and or procedures. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 104 items importance satisfaction score labo overall satisfaction: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? overall brands 105 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. the horizontal axis represents the weight of each item on the overall satisfaction, while the vertical axis shows the satisfaction rating of each item. at the top right of the map there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction and the respondents stated to be more than average satisfied. at the bottom right there are the items that are very correlated to the overall satisfaction, but with lower than average satisfaction scores. it is interesting to see that the frequency of sw updates and the company flexibility are key items in the construction of the overall satisfaction. (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference prerequisites key success factors labo customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories factor analysis labo 3 factors performance relationship and support operating costs makes daily practice easier 0,750 wide range of procedures available 0,720 productivity increase 0,699 reliability 0,661 accuracy and overall quality of the restorations 0,649 handiness / ease of use 0,630 wide range of materials available 0,629 compatibility with other brands 0,512 start-up training 0,752 business development support 0,740 company availability and flexibility 0,732 technical support from the company 0,696 frequency of sw updates from the company 0,606 technical assistance in case of repair 0,594 cost of sw updates 0,813 overall running costs 0,698 overall satisfaction: factor analysis the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 3 main factors performance relationship and support operating costs factor 1 (performance) it is about everything related to the performance of the product, such as accuracy, handiness, reliability, which reflects into the increased performance of the laboratory, with productivity increase, and an easier life in the daily practice. factor 2 (relationship and support) it is interesting to note that among the most correlated items there are start up training and business support, which are not very closely related to the technical support, whose items are indeed part of this factor, but in certain ways are felt to be important in the relationship with the brands, especially regarding this kind of equipment. factor 3 (operating costs) the third factor actually is related to the impact that the operating costs of such kind of equipment may have in the daily practice, especially when, sometimes, the software updates come at a certain price level. 107 labo overall satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. - + satisfaction level 108 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. for each investigated factor, the horizontal bars represent how much the satisfaction performance differs from the overall mean (vertical axis). the significant differences from the mean are marked with a red circle, so that it is possible to focus on the most interesting topics. with this regard, it is worth to note the higher than average performance of amann girrbach regarding the factor relationship and support, while it is significant the below average performance of 3shape and dental wings in the factor operating costs. overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 109 in order to complete the factor analysis, it is important to also assess the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction to understand if an improvement in one of them can also improve the satisfaction of a particular brand. therefore, these factors are used as a basis for a further analysis, called multiple regression analysis that aims to understand how they explain the overall satisfaction. the figure \"r2 = 0,629\" means that more than 60% of the total satisfaction is explained and it is based on the given factors, which is a remarkable result. the overall model shows that the weight of the performance factor is slightly less than 50%, therefore the importance of this factor is relevant. the second factor is the relationship and support, then operating costs shows the lowest weight. it is interesting to look at the following slides, when the same analysis is carried out on the single brands. overall satisfaction (r2=0,629) 45% 22% performance operating costs 33% relationship and support labo overall satisfaction: multiple regression analysis labo 110 apart from open technologies, showing a relevant weight for the factor relationship and support, it looks like the regression models of the other investigated brands is predominantly driven by the performance. with this regard, it is worth to underline that no brand showed a weak satisfaction regarding to this factor. customer experience and loyalty metrics in laboratories other indicators labo other indicators: overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your overall satisfaction. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,1 2015 mean: 7,8 base: 274 cases (owners) - 365 quotes labo 112 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to 6.", "type": "Document"}}