{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "sirona is absolute brand awareness leader in this segment. base: 455 cases total sample 0,74 0,50 0,48 0,27 0,48 0,55 0,29 0,33 0,22 0,73 sirona 3shape 3m carestream kavo nobel biocare zirkonzahn planmeca dental wings ivoclar vivadent cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? segmentation according to technology orientation 35 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the low brand awareness is a specific feature of cad- cam non-owners and in particular, it belongs to those not even using the full outsourcing methodology. among the owners, the weight of the four top brands increases relevantly. cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness please tell me if you know the following brands? 36 random sample as for the total awareness, the values increase a lot, in particular for the brands with a relevant business also in other product categories. the relevance index (it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the total one) it is important because highlights the brands ability to be recalled spontaneously by the respondents in connection to the category, so is potentially very influential when they need to take a buying decision. the low relevance indexes shows the scarce ability of all brands to be associated to the cad-cam segment. base: 455 cases total sample 36% 13% 11% 8% 2% 1% 93% 47% 79% 58% 75% 21% sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology serie1 serie2 pqi index 0,39 0,28 0,13 0,14 0,03 0,03 sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology random sample base: 455 cases total sample sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity of the brand to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence 37 the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously (prominence). in the b2b market, the prominence is closely linked to the use of the products, while the relevance expresses the probability of a brand to be considered in the purchase process. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more representative of the cad-cam category. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be spontaneously recalled to mind (generally less wide spread), but compared to the average, they are more associated with the category in analysis. brand awareness, market category association regarding the brands you mentioned, please specify : overall scenario 38 random sample only 3shape resulted to be almost completely linked to the cad-cam segment, while for other important international brands, such as planmeca, carestream, 3m, etc. more than half of the sample dont know that they produce cad-cam equipment. base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously brand awareness, market category association brand association index to the category of cad-cam overall scenario random sample low association to cad-cam high low overall awareness high base: for each brand, those having mentioned it spontaneously the representativeness of the segment is very relevant when a big portion of the potential demand is still to fully develop, so that a secondary data processing has been performed, which evaluated with a different weight the three possible options: i know this brand as a manufacturer of cad-cam equipment (high representativeness) i know this brand as a manufacturer of both cad-cam equipment and other products ( medium representativeness) i know this brand as manufacturer of products which are different from cad-cam equipment (no representativeness) thanks to this processing it is possible to show a map where the information regarding the capability of a brand to be associated to the cad-cam segment is shown. the size of the bubbles represents the brands capacity to be associated to the cad-cam sector. brand positioning cad-cam manufacturers numeric distribution: intraoral scanner and chairside milling what model and brand of intraoral scanner you use to take digital impressions? 41 random sample numeric distribution it is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain product / brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier, not necessarily in an exclusive way. this section is placed in the brand perception because it is heavily affected by the brand penetration. please consider that on the random sample; only 45 scanners users have been found, for this reason the numeric distribution is shown for qualitative purposes only. as for the chairside milling, only 17 users have been found in the random sample, so that it is not possible to investigate the numeric distribution, even though 80% of the users quoted sirona. numeric distribution intraoral scanner base: 45 cases owners scanner brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know sirona. with a high number of quotes, sirona performance can be considered quite similar to that of the overall random sample. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample sirona (154 quotes) mean total sample (370 quotes) 42 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3shape (55 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3shape. the scores of the brand image, on average, looks higher than the overall scores, but for a few items, namely customer service oriented and approachable, friendly. 43 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3m (37 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3m. the respondents gave a higher evaluation to the concept of reputation but a weaker position can be seen regarding the pricing, the ease of use and in the customer orientation. 44 brand image factor analysis 45 prestige leadership: it includes the items linked to the reputation and prestige. this factor is far from the other items investigated, even if rather correlated to innovation and reliability.", "type": "Document"}}