{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "page": 69, "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "\"country\": \"Europe\",\"year\": 2023,\"target\": \"clinic\"", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 70 focus on brands items importance average score note: although the items are displayed normally, the correlation analysis highlights that there are no significant items. it is likely that items with a significant influence on the recommendation are highly specific and unique to ivoclar, making it challenging to effectively measure the phenomenon using standardized analysis. the image contains a bar graph titled \"brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis,\" showing how much individual items contribute to a company's recommendation. the graph's primary axis is labeled \"average score\" and ranges from 3.0 to 4.5 in increments. the secondary axis, although not explicitly labeled, seems to indicate the correlation strength with values ranging from approximately -0.1 to 0. the first image includes text elaborating on the brand image correlation with product recommendation, citing a company named \"ivoclar vivident.\" the text on the left indicates a note that the correlation was insignificant, though several statements about the company's product quality, trust, long-term tradition, customer orientation, and support for business development are listed with corresponding values of correlation strength. the correlation values are aligned with the statements, positioned near specific items in a list on the left side. the list items include: this company has products with the highest quality (0.085) i trust this company more than others (0.121) i think that it is the right company when i look for innovation (0.047) this company has a high reputation (0.089) this company has a long-tradition (0.138) i feel this company to be among the most customer-oriented ones (0.138) the products of this company are the easiest to use (0.032) this company supports my business development more than others (0.076) the products of this company have the highest quality/price ratio (0.001) i feel this company to be among the most familiar and friendly one (0.032) the text to the left is followed by a red dashed line graph, which visualizes the correlation strength from -0.32 to 0. each bar on the red chart corresponds to the items listed on the left. in the context of the second image, this is a simplified version of the red dashed line graph from the first image, where the specific data values from the first graph are directly reflected in the form of numerical bar heights. for illustration, the first bar on the red chart represents the item \"this company has products with the highest quality,\" which correlates at 0.105, and has a corresponding bar height of approximately 4.0 on the average score scale. subsequent bars decrease in correlation strength and average score value, ending with the bottom item which has a correlation of -0.032 and an average score of 3. overall, the second image succinctly displays the results of the correlation analysis, with a visual emphasis on item-relevant data without all the textual elaboration present in the first image. the image contains a series of text statements expressing sentiments about a particular company from the perspective of an individual. these statements cover various attributes such as trustworthiness, customer orientation, reputation, long-term tradition, ease of use, support for business development, and the highest quality and quality-to-price ratio, all suggesting a positive evaluation of the company. the statements on the left side of the image are arranged in a column, providing a focused and clear perception of the positive aspects of the company. the design element indicates that this company is seen favorably across multiple dimensions related to customer perception and product evaluation. this list may serve as a summary of the companys strong points, highlighting qualities that differentiate it from competitors and create a favorable reputation among customers and potential partners. the statements reinforce the company's high quality, trust, customer orientation, and support systems. these factors are critical in building a long-term relationship with customer bases. highlighting the highest quality and the highest quality-to-price ratio ensures that the company emphasizes value and efficiency, appealing to both consumers and businesses who seek cost-effective and high-quality solutions. the detailed and explicit nature of the text in the image serves as a succinct communication tool, delivering the company's key attributes clearly and efficiently. this approach is useful in public relations, marketing materials, and presentations aiming to demonstrate the company's strengths and customer-centric approach proactively. the image contains a bar chart titled \"brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis.\" this chart illustrates the correlation matrix results between various factors influencing brand perception and recommendation, with a focus on a single brand named vivadent. the bar chart is presented against a plain, white background with a light purple and dark purple color scheme for the data bars. each bar represents the correlation value between a particular factor and the overall recommendation for the brand. some of the factors listed on the x-axis are: quality i trust this company more than others i think that it is the right company when i look for innovation this company has a high reputation this company has a long-term tradition this company is among the most customer-oriented ones the products are the easiest to use this company supports my business development more the products of this company have the highest quality/price ratio i feel this company to be among the most familiar and friendly one on the y-axis, the factors are listed in descending order of importance based on the correlation analysis. the correlation values vary in numerical range: close to zero shows a moderately negative or positive correlation. values around -0.001 and -0.032 have a negative correlation, indicating factors that may not contribute significantly or potentially detract from the recommendation. the highest positive correlation, around 0.138, suggests that a particular aspect (likely the length of tradition as indicated by the positive sign) is most strongly correlated with the overall recommendation for vivadent. some bars also show negative values, such as the factor \"the products of this company have the highest quality/price ratio\" and \"i feel this company to be among the most familiar and friendly one\", as indicated by negative numbers, approximately -0.001 and -0. these values show that while the brand is strongly perceived for traditional values (high reputation and long-term tradition), there appear to be a few areas where improvements can be suggested for better perception.", "type": "Document"}}