{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "page": 22, "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "\"country\": \"Europe\",\"year\": 2015", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 23 base: 1000 cases the sample is rather split between those trying to get closer to digital technologies and those feeling uncomfortable with them. the percentage of respondents using it and feeling comfortable with it, still are the minority at 13%. the highest percentages are in italy, spain and uk. the image contains a pie chart that represents the perceptions and actions regarding digital technologies in different european countries. the chart breaks down the respondents' attitudes into four categories with different segments colored in blue, dark blue, turquoise, and light gray. the chart shows the following segments: dark blue segment: 38% of respondents feel uncomfortable and rather far from digital technologies. this is the largest segment observed in the chart. blue segment: 41% of respondents are getting closer to digital technologies because they think it is a future of prosthetics. this is the second largest segment. two 4% segments are labeled with respondents who am using the digital technologies because they need to, but are not fully comfortable with them. light gray segment: 13% of respondents are comfortable using digital technologies and feel confident in them. additionally, there is a legend on the right side of the pie chart that explains the categories: dark blue: \"i feel uncomfortable and rather far from them.\" blue: \"i am getting closer to them because i think they are the future of prosthetics.\" light blue: \"i am using digital technologies because i need, but i am not comfortable with it.\" light gray: \"i am using digital technologies and i am comfortable with it.\" gray: \"don't know\" base: 1000 cases is specified below the main chart, indicating that the data is based on a sample size of 1,000 cases per country. the title reads: \"scenario: stance versus digital technologies.\" \"what is your stance versus the digital technologies?\" the context is provided from the descriptive section next to a numerical figure: \"the sample is rather split between those trying to get closer to digital technologies and those feeling uncomfortable with them. the percentage of respondents using it and feeling comfortable with it, still are the minority at 13%. the highest percentages are in italy, spain and uk.\" the chart also shows comparisons across countries, including germany (de), france (fr), italy (it), spain (sp), and the uk (uk). to summarize, the pie chart offers a visual depiction of individuals' comfort levels and intentions towards the use and adoption of digital technologies for prosthetics, highlighting differing attitudes and behaviors across various european countries. this detailed breakdown provides an insightful snapshot into public sentiment and behavior regarding digital technology utilization in the given context. the image contains a series of bar graphs that are displayed in a format similar to the one in the first image but with a clearer, streamlined design. the bar graphs represent responses from different countries on the stance they have toward digital technologies. each country's data is represented by a set of five vertical bars. these bars are color-coded into three colors: dark blue, light blue, and blue, each color representing a different response category to the question about their stance on digital technologies. the first bar in each set represents the percentage of respondents who feel uncomfortable and somewhat far from digital technologies. the middle bar represents those who are getting closer to digital technologies because they believe it is the future. the third bar represents those who are using digital technologies because they need them but are still not entirely comfortable with it. the fourth bar represents those who are using digital technologies and are comfortable with it. the fifth bar represents those who are unsure or didn't know. the countries listed in ascending order from left to right are germany (de), france (fr), italy (it), spain (sp), and the united kingdom (uk). the responses are presented as percentages and are clearly divided into the five categories for each country. the first bars show lower percentages across all countries, indicating that fewer people feel unfamiliar with digital technologies. as the countries progress from left to right, the percentages of people who are using digital technologies increase, suggesting an evolving familiarity or comfort level with these technologies across different countries. germany starts with the highest percentage of those feeling uncomfortable and far from digital technologies (57%), while spain has the lowest percentage in this category (17%). the overall trend is that the majority of respondents across these countries are using digital technologies, with the uk having the highest percentage of people who are using digital technologies and feeling comfortable with it (20%), and italy having the lowest percentage (7%). italy stands out as well because more than half of its respondents fall into the category of people getting closer to digital technologies because they believe it is the future of prosthetics, with 47% choosing this category, the highest among the listed countries. this might indicate a higher expectations of benefits and advancements in digital technologies among the italian population. the light blue and dark blue bars show the transition from discomfort to more use and comfort with digital technologies across each country. the chart clearly visualizes how familiarity and comfort levels vary across different countries regarding the adoption of digital technologies. the image contains a set of explanatory text and a legend used in a pie chart display in the first image. the text is placed directly beneath the pie chart and provides a corresponding legend for the different segments of the pie. the legend consists of five colored boxes, each paired with a text description: dark blue box labeled \"i feel uncomfortable and rather far from them\" medium blue box labeled \"i am getting closer to them because i think they are the future of prosthetics\" light blue box labeled \"i am using digital technologies because i need, but i am not comfortable with it\" dark green box labeled \"i am using digital technologies and i am comfortable with it\" grey box labeled \"don't know\" these labels provide a key to help the viewer understand the categorization of the data represented in the pie chart segments. under the legend, there is a line item pointing out the basis for the sample data used in the chart: \"base: 1000 cases\" the chart itself is not included in the textual description but is indicated in the visual space where the viewer would expect to see a pie chart display on the preceding page. the legend and textual descriptions, therefore, are meant to provide a clear understanding of the data and categories represented in the accompanying visual. each category, matched with the respective colors from the legend, is visually distinct on the pie chart, corresponding to the percentage distribution in the sample data noted at the bottom of the page. this textual information and legend are supplementary to what is directly visualized on the chart presented on the page.", "type": "Document"}}