{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "44 the fact that some different profiles are closer than other (e.g. germany and 50 restorations or more) doesnt mean that those profiles are related to each other (i.e. its not said that german respondents produce 50 restorations or more). milling unit owners recommendation looks to be more linked to both factors, while full outsourcing users are more driven by the reputation. germanys recommendation is more influenced by the nearness, while, as it happens for the clinical samples, french respondents have their recommendation more linked to the reputation. in general, as the age increases, the sensitivity to both factors increases as well. digital technology owners recommendation seem to be more liked to both factors. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand positioning: positioning map 3 - psychographic analysis 45 in this map, some psychographic profiles are present. by analyzing the nearness factor, its clear how as the positive attitude and feeling towards the digital technologies increase, also increases the relationship of the recommendation with this item. generally speaking, the recommendation seems to be more linked to the nearness concept, while the reputation, except for the respondents stating that the relationship will become tighter, seems to have a lower grade of relevance. the position of digital important but not relevant is affected by germany, which showed the majority of responses belonging to this item, and whose position in the previous slide is very similar. its interesting to note that the difference in the feeling feel uncomfortable and feel closer is resolved by the nearness, which helps a lot in increasing the comfort towards the new technology. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant this map analyses where some different profiles are positioned, if the nearness concept has an impact on the recommendation, or if the driving factor is the reputation. digital technology penetration scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your laboratory? 47 base: 411 cases focus on digital restoration providers among digital technology users, the most used technology is scanner, followed by the in lab milling unit. the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send scans to a manufacturer or milling center. processing without don't know 55% is the percent of scanner owners, out of the total digital restorations providers, who use the scanner to send the files outside for milling. the total % of scanner owners, including those used with the in-lab milling units is 84%, as shown in the following slides. scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your laboratory? 48 base: 411 cases focus on digital restoration providers the highest percentage of respondents stating to use a scanner is in uk, while the lowest one is spain, which also shows the highest percentage of full outsourcing users. processing without don't know scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your laboratory? 49 base: 411 cases focus on digital restoration providers with regard to the channels used, the manufacturer/milling center is the most used one, followed by the partner lab. processing without don't know scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your laboratory? 50 base: 411 cases focus on digital restoration providers germany, on par with uk, shows the highest percentage of respondents stating to use the manufacturers to produce digital restorations, while spain shows the highest percentage in the use of a partner lab. processing without don't know scenario: digital technology use - technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your laboratory? 51 for example, among those using a scanner, 11% of them also have an in-lab milling. for example, those sending their restorations to a partner lab, 60% of the cases have a scanner for sending scans outside and 11% of the cases also have an in-lab milling. base: 411 cases the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used.", "type": "Document"}}