{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the weight has been calculated by considering two main parameters. the number of dental laboratories the fast track analysis business its quite clear how relevant is the weight of germany in the dental lab market and in this research. please, refer to the next slide for the details of the weighting process. introduction - sample composition 2/2 7 country weighted cases % germany 366 51% france 98 14% italy 139 19% spain 77 11% united kingdom 42 6% total 722 100% the number of interviews conducted in each country were about 150 as shown here on the right (a). the average weight of the surveyed countries regarding 2 parameters: number of dental laboratories and business collected from a panel of major manufacturers in europe for the consumable market (the fast track analysis europe) is shown at (b). the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the parameters considered (number of laboratories and fast track business) are a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the parameters indicated for that country, out of the total (number of laboratories and fast track business) evaluated countries. in this case, since the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameters considered, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameters used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). (a) (b) (c) country laboratories fast track % (avg) germany 18.300 51% 51% france 3.800 17% 14% italy 7.680 17% 19% spain 4.200 10% 11% united kingdom 2.100 6% 6% total 36.080 100% 100% country cases % germany 150 21% france 148 20% italy 152 21% spain 152 21% united kingdom 120 17% total 722 100% introduction - breakdown by socio demographic clusters 8 base: 722 cases mean: 47 81,3 scenario note the scenario analysis will be carried out considering the overall sample and some clusters. country: the data are split by each investigated country. digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: in-lab milling (respondents stating to use an in-lab milling unit at their lab); scanner (respondents stating to use a scanner to send scan files outside for milling); full outsourcing (respondents stating to send outside models for milling). - channel: manufacturer (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 10 base: 722 cases more than half of the sample provide digital restorations. the highest percentage is in spain, while, as it happens among dental practices, the lowest penetration of the digital technologies is in uk. scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 11 base: 722 cases its interesting to note that although uk is the country showing the lowest penetration of the digital restorations, among the users, it shows among the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 12 base: 722 cases the approach of the laboratories is not very different from that of dental practices, as the majority of the respondents state to believe the digital prosthetics will have a relevant role but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future, too. in specific regard to this statement, the percentage (70%) is higher than dental practices (54%). interesting the position of uk, different from the other countries, where a more relevant part of respondents believe that digital technologies will not have a relevant role. clearly the german market, given its weight, influences the overall results, but its interesting to note how the most mature market regarding digital technologies, the german one, believes the new technologies will have a relevant role, nevertheless, the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future anyway. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 13 base: 722 cases there is no difference between digital technologies users and traditional prosthetics providers, while its interesting to note the high percentage, among full outsourcing users, and among partner lab users, regarding the statement that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 14 base: 722 cases there is a relevant difference between dentists and technicians, as the former mostly think that its necessary to get closer to digital technologies because they are the future, while the latter clearly state to be comfortable in using it.", "type": "Document"}}