{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "those with a business plan have a higher awareness of work costs and profit margins are more alert about the added value and give less importance to independence. the concept of independence is stronger between those who are less interested in management aspects. those who make many implants are much more focused on added value aspects. owners sample purchase decision process regarding your equipment's purchase, of the two claims below, which one gets closer of how was the purchase decision process? 25 base: 70 cases owners impulse/emotional purchase shows to be very relevant in this business. among the interviews with cad-cam equipment owners, was investigated how was the decision-making process of this equipment. it was observed that even in high-cost equipment, in 43% of cases the decision was spontaneous and almost emotional. on the other hand, 57% of the respondents said they have studied the benefits, costs and returns, that is, a rational purchase. - in those up to 50 years old the behavior is more emotive while older people tend to look more carefully at the benefits and costs. - the impulse purchase is higher among those who have higher revenue and who produce less impressions impulse purchases are also common among those who have a business plan and awareness of their costs and revenues. owners sample satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam advantages in the use of intraoral scanner what are the most relevant advantages for you in the use of your intraoral scanner? (open ended question) 27 base: 70 cases scanner owners owners sample among the most mentioned advantages there are quickness and praticality, factors related with the increase of productivity and performance. such factors are followed by precision and quality, factors related with the final result's quality. the results are consistent with expectations and reason why cad-cam equipment was bought (slide51). advantage in the use of the chairside milling unit what are the most relevant advantages for you in the use of your chairside milling unit? (open ended question) 28 base: 65 cases chairside owners the main advantage mentioned is \"increased productivity related to increase productivity and performance. the second advantage mentioned is \"better accuracy of the result\", factor related to the quality of the final result. owners sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis expresses the overall experience with a brand and up to which point the customers' needs are met. perceived value usefulness and perceived benefits of product compared with the cost paid for such product. advocacy the willingness of an user to recommend a company to colleagues is a key factor for revenue and profit growth in most industries. rebuying intention the probability of an user continuing to use the company's products in a near future. brand advocacy score the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or non-advocate\" for each brand. for each brand overall, bas subtracts the distribution percentage of non-advocates from the distribution percentage of advocates, to show the actual impact of mouth to mouth indication. 30 loyalty metrics general satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value inclination to recommend repurchse intention brand advocacy score advocate extremely likely what is the likelyhood of you recommending the following company brands to a colleague? very likely neutral non- advocate little likely satisfaction analysis: satisfaction level score how would you evaluate your satisfaction with cad-cam products (intraoral scanners and chairside milling unit) of the following companies to several aspects?", "type": "Document"}}