{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "please, use a 1 to 10 scale, where 1 represents \"completely not satisfied\" and 10 represents \"completely satisfied\". 31 owners sample users (64 cases) mean how important are these items on the construction of the satisfaction? correlation analysis the correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and to measure the influence of independent variables (in this case, current and former users) over the dependent one (in this case, overall satisfaction). it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve an \"importance hierarchy\" of individual demonstrations and to show them in a chart and, then, in a map. the vertical axis always shows the rating that the different instructions have received, in an average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence over the global satisfaction. thus, we get an \"estimated importance\" of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a little different of that explicitly declared. the analysis of each factor's weigh, and not only the stated importance, allows some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according with the viewpoint with which they are considered: 32 statistical note satisfaction before the whole market: here we can emphasize some prerequisites (each upper right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors serve the market), some key factors to success (lower right corner of the map, where the companies are not always able to satisfy customers regarding strategical matters), and indifference areas (lower left corner), that constitute waste/inefficiency areas when a company decides to invest in such items belonging to the upper left corner of the map, since they are prone to meet the market, but they really do not affect the overall satisfaction. satisfaction regarding a specific company/product: here the scheme is the same, but the strong points are highlighted in the upper right corner of the map, where we can establish the inefficiency or low differentiation when placed in the left side of the map. in the lower right corner we can notice an improvement area, where we can meet the weak points of a given company. overall satisfaction rank hierarchy of importance of items. users 33 in the charts the weight of the evaluated items over brand satisfaction are represented. items with a high score can be perceived, but these are not relevant in the building of satisfaction and vice-versa. weight per item on the satisfaction score focus on the mean users (64 cases) weight on the satisfaction items score + + critical improvement areas correlation analysis: general satisfaction how much worth individual items on global satisfaction? users 34 the map is the visual result of the two charts seem in the previous slide. in the horizontal axis there is the weight of each item on the satisfaction, in the vertical axis there is the overall satisfaction index of each item. the items are organized on the map in a manner that in the upper right part there are the items that a) are very relevant in the general satisfaction and b) the dentists are more satisfied than the average. in the lower part, on the other hand, there are items which a) are very relevant to overall satisfaction and b) the dentists are not more satisfied with than the average. this map shows the evaluated items in general for all the brands and it is a good reference to compare each brand. the pillars of satisfaction satisfaction factors 35 factorial analysis aims to synthesize data, summarizing information contained in many variables in some synthetical factors. the purpose is to identify an underlying structure to a set of observed variables and to resume this substructure with a reduced number of main variables. the reduction of factors allowed to obtain 2 factors according with the customer's imagination: product / service: the factor is characterized in the customer's imagination partially by articles related with the product's performance and, on the other hand, made up by the company's service. after sale: includes all aspects regarding the relationship between the company and the user regarding after sale services. product / service after sale ease of use 0,806 wide range of materials available 0,788 availability and flexibility of the companies in case of specific doubts 0,755 precision and general quality of the restorations 0,722 enterprise technical support 0,635 initial formation and updating trainings 0,581 trustworthy 0,567 technical assistance in case of repair 0,685 supporting the development of business 0,652 general operating costs 0,753 frequency of software updates 0,725 cost of softwares updating 0,725 owners sample the weight of pillars in overall satisfaction satisfaction factors 36 overall satisfaction 40% after sale 60% product / service in general terms, the product / service factor has a significant weigh, the product's performance characteristics are, therefore, highly important to determine the overall satisfaction. however, even after sale services play a central role, being in charge for 40% of the satisfaction perception. sirona users make up about 90% of owners and, therefore, have a behavior very similar to the analyzed sample, with a slightly higher weight of after sales. the regression analysis is a multivariate statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, satisfaction) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the satisfaction of a given brand. the figure r2=0.716 means that about 72% of the satisfaction is explained and based on these factors: owners sample loyalty metrics 37 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or non-advocate\" of each brand.", "type": "Document"}}