{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "brand: includes all items related with brand reputation and its importance in the market, also in the international level. convenient: includes items that express a concept of convenience and good cost-benefit relationship. expensive: contains a single item that rates the brand as very expensive. this factor appears completely isolated of others, as we will see from the multiple regression analysis, its influence over a brand recommendation will prove not to be statistically significant. product / service brand convenient expensive make the daily practice easier 0,844 cutting edge and innovative 0,768 trustworthy 0,526 0,521 customer service oriented 0,522 well renowned brand 0,837 leading company in the segment 0,793 easy procurement 0,874 good value/price ratio 0,735 too expensive 0,968 the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 60 recommendation total 49% 22% product / service convenient 30% brand in general terms, the items related with the \"product / service\" factor are dominant in the determination of recommendation, corresponding almost to half of total. the brand component is the second to be considered in the determination of recommendation, though for a considerable distance. finally, convenient\" represents 22% in the determination of recommendation. the last factor, expensive, emerges in the analysis as not significant: while the convenience, regardless having a lower weight than other factors, is still one of the determinants' for recommendation, i.e., the fact that the brand is expensive does not affect brand recommendation. the regression analysis is a multivaried statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, recommendation) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (recommendation) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall recommendation, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the likelyhood of a brand to be recommended. the figure r2=0.395 means that about 40% of the recommendation is explained and based on these factors: expensive not significant whole sample the weight of pillars in the recommendation for colleagues recommendation factors 61 the chart shows how the recommendation is made for the general sample and for the owners of a cad-cam equipment. compared with what was seen in the factorial analysis, where the price was a secondary element in brand awareness, when data is correlated with the inclination to recommend the brand to a colleague, the price comes out of variables considered, and it becomes a non-relevant element for the recommendation. those who already have a cad-cam equipment, present significant differences compared to the whole sample: in this case, actually, the convenience\" factor also becomes not significant for recommendation purposes, but the items that make up the item \"product / service\" seem to be very relevant for more than half of the inclination to recommend the brand. whole sample buying intention cad-cam buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 63 base: 498 cases non owners random sample the buying intention certainly yes of 5% is reduced to 4.5% including orthodontists. for respondents who claimed not to have a cad-cam equipment in their office, their future purchase intention was consulted. on the other hand, practices that already have 2 or more chairs are inclined to be more disposed to purchase. between clusters related to the patient's social class, the interest is predominantly averse, with the exception of practices with customers of a and b classes, that in 50% of answers showed to be willing to acquire a cad-cam equipment buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 64 base: 498 cases non owners as a trend, the practices with more consults and prints are more prone to be interested in buying a cad- cam equipment in the next two years. random sample buying intention are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner to make digital prints or a cad-cam chairside milling unit within 2 years? excluding specialized orthodontics practices. 65 base: 498 cases non owners following the trend of owners, those with a business plan, costs knowledge and profits have higher likelyhood of buying a cad-cam equipment in the near future. random sample buying intention: probably/certainly not why probably/certainly not? 66 base: 308 cases not interested the price is the most important parameter of resistance for the purchase of an equipment. -the price problem is strongly felt in so paulo (62%) with the increase of age, the issue of price loses importance (35% for those who are more than 50 years old). -when a dentist already uses frequently the technology (through a laboratory) and feels comfortable with it, having no intention to invest in the future, it is almost exclusively because of the cost. -when we see resistance to the purchase between potential profiles (many prostheses, many implants, larger revenue, etc.), the reason, most times, is high price, not low demand. *this first analysis should be understood in qualitative terms, specially, we will afterwards investigate the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: probably/certainly yes why probably/certainly yes? 67 base: 190 cases potentially interested among the main factors indicated as a reason for a potential purchase, are justified related factors the improvement of quality and final result, followed by innovation. *this issue should be understood mostly in quality terms, we will afterwards see the buying behavior with structured matters that allows a more rigorous analysis. random sample buying intention: intra-oral scanner or cad-cam milling unit do you think about buying only the scanner or also the mill? 68 base: 190 cases potentially interested among those who think about futurely investing in cad-cam technology, half of them thinks about buying a chairside. random sample buying intention: intraoral scanner which intraoral scanner brands you should evaluate to buy? 69 base: 185 cases potentially interested regardless the high number of respondents that claim not to know which brand to evaluate for a possible purchase, among the brands mentioned to be evaluated for a possible buy of intraoral scanner sirona is predominant. it is interesting to notice that in 4% of cases, the name cerec came out spontaneously. random sample buying intention: cad-cam chairside milling unit which cad-cam milling units brands you should evaluate to buy? 70 base: 90 cases potentially interested for chairside the percentage of does not know is even higher, getting to 82%. the 16% of respondents are interested in evaluating sirona and cerec, again considering 3% of the cases where cerec was mentioned. random sample demand of other services what should the supplier (manufacturer) of cad-cam (intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit) technologies offer to improve or enhance the way how you make restorations and prostheses in your practice? 71 base: 570 cases total sample a manufacturer will have to clearly support the users of digital technology, in terms of training and information, being one of the factors that dentists expect from a cad- cam manufacturer. the training factor (transversal in all segments) is followed by financial factors, such as better financing purchases and facilitation of shared purchase. in this case, the financial factors weigh as less important for the older dentists, and weigh for larger and more performing practices. random sample some conclusions 72 the world of users, in this moment, is concentrated in an elite, but it is foreseen an increase of target clients, even if with a low profile in terms of status. the reasons for purchase were made in a spontaneous and guided manner, and there are four main reason for the purchase: productivity quality of the result independence of the laboratory innovation the main reasons for purchases in the guided inquiry highlight three important drivers: orientation to the future added value to the own value independence these different drivers are relative to different kinds of clients, particularly, those more oriented to the economic management and less interested with independence and added value. those oriented to independence and to the future present a less rational profile. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong with the pioneers in the use of cad-cam technology; satisfaction is strongly conditioned to the initial formation and after sales service. some conclusions 73 the aspects of costs are relevant in the pre-sale, but they do not show to be relevant after the equipment purchase and possible repurchase almost 50% of the sample feels uncomfortable and away from the cad-cam world, specially those who have patients of middle/low classes and with low volume of procedures.", "type": "Document"}}