{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "each factor is translated according to the items which compose it: note: the items have been shortened on purpose to allow for an easier reading of the table. innovation and trust are common elements. in the first factor, customer orientation / support innovation can manifest in the form of easy-to-use products and a focus on developing and supporting the customer's business. trust plays a role in building strong customer relationships. in the second factor, established reputation innovation explains a willingness to embrace new ideas and technologies to maintain a competitive edge. trust in the company is crucial in upholding its established reputation and maintaining customer loyalty. customer orientation/support established reputation customer oriented 0,754 business development support 0,699 familiar and friendly 0,674 best quality/price ratio 0,661 easy to use products 0,658 high reputation 0,815 long-time tradition 0,765 highest quality 0,749 trust in the company 0,607 0,658 innovation 0,620 0,637 brand image: factor analysis 84 the chart shows the differences in the scores of the factors by brand. for example, 3m perception is more featured by the established reputation, while for gc the perception is more affected by the customer orientation / support. the positive or negative relevance in the factors means a possible relevance of those factors in the overall perception for a give brand, but it doesnt necessarily mean that the brand is performing negatively regarding the attributes featuring the mentioned factors. note: the red circles underline the statistically significant differences from the overall mean. focus on brands brand image: factor analysis map 85 focus on brands (low) customer orientation / support (high) (low) established reputation (high) if we use the coordinates given by the averages of the two factors to draw a map, we obtain the result that can be observed here on the right. the position of the brands on the map is determined by their respective averages shown in the previous graph. on the map, it is possible to notice the areas where there is a predominance in the perception of the brand regarding factor 1, customer orientation / support (x axis, quadrants on the right side of the map), and which ones are more influenced by the factor 2 established reputation (y axis, quadrants on the upper side of the map). satisfaction - advocacy nps 86 loyalty metrics loyalty metrics: overall satisfaction please rate your overall satisfaction for the following brands. (scores: 1 not satisfied at all, 2 rather not satisfied, 3 neutral, 4 rather satisfied, 5 completely satisfied) mean quotes 1.142 280 296 95 144 108 44 36 58 the overall satisfaction level remains almost unchanged compared to the last survey. however, it is possible to highlight some significant differences regarding the brands under investigation: in particular, ivoclar gc and kerr show an increase in the overall satisfaction level. 87 loyalty metrics: advocacy and nps how likely are you to recommend the following company brands to a colleague? (scores: from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) net promoter score (nps) respondents are categorized as either promoters, neutrals, or detractors. for each brand, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of promoters, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. gc and ivoclar seem to be the most recommendable brands, while dentsply sirona, kulzer and voco show an nps score below the average. the possible answers (from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: detractor: scores from 0 to 6 neutral: scores 7 and 8 promoter: scores 9 and 10 88 base: 1.142 quotes mean nps switch analysis loyalty metrics 89 switch analysis: historical penetration and abandonment rate please indicate if you use the following brands: 90 first and foremost, it is important to highlight that the measured penetration refers to the overall activity of the practice, and is not limited to specific categories such as impression materials or restorative products. this explains the relatively higher data compared to what is typically measured for a specific product category. furthermore, it is interesting to note that companies with a wide portfolio covering multiple product categories have higher penetration and lower abandonment rates compared to the average (0,36). yes, i currently use its products / no, i used its products, but not anymore base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) switch analysis: abandonment rate 91 mean: 36% this chart shows the same kind of information seen in the previous slide, but the brands are shown ranked by descending abandonment rate. please indicate if you use the following brands: yes, i currently use its products / no, i used its products, but not anymore base: 1.018 cases (whole sample) digital workflow 92 intraoral scanner penetration do you have at least an intraoral scanner for taking optical impressions in your practice? 93 compared to omnivision digital 2021, the penetration of ios has significantly increased.", "type": "Document"}}