{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/BEQ_2301_OVERALL_multi.pdf", "total_pages": 113, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20230602170729+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the rows and columns of the frequency table. with this system, the similarities / differences between rows and / or columns are processed respectively in proximity / distance of the points from one another. through the use of this statistical technique, it is possible to highlight the perception of the respondents and make a comparison among the brands under analysis. depending on the position of the attributes on the plan (active variables) and the proximity of the passive variables (represented by the brands), the perceived positioning in the imagery of the sample can be better understood. statistical note 43 correspondence analysis: positioning drivers 44 sustainable value and convenience this concept encompasses the effectiveness and practicality of the brand, social responsibility and environmental awareness, ease of use, flexibility and versatility, as well as a friendly and intimate approach in the customer experience. the perception is a convenient offering while respecting sustainability and user needs. those brands provide dentists with everything they need in a 360-degree approach. premium authority this definition summarizes the attributes present in this area: a high reputation based on a solid scientific foundation, excellence and superior quality, inspiring trust, a brands history and tradition. however, the attribute too expensive indicates that it may be considered a high-end or luxury brand with a higher price compared to the average. tech-forward leadership this area represents brands that stand out for their innovation, advanced digital presence, and the young and modern image they convey. these attributes indicate that the brand is at the forefront of new technologies, digitally oriented, and targeting a young and modern audience. tech- forward leadership emphasizes leadership in the technological field and the companys modern approach in providing innovative solutions. unlike the map proposed in 2018, the correspondence analysis in this edition does not clearly present two main axes. however, it is possible to identify certain positioning areas that are characterized by the presence of specific attributes that give rise to the names of these areas, as described below: correspondence analysis: positioning drivers 45 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership correspondence analysis: complete map 46 correspondence analysis: brands only 47 sustainable value and convenience premium authority tech-forward leadership key take aways 48 first and foremost, it is interesting to note the positioning of orthodontic companies, which are primarily those belonging to the world of invisible aligner manufacturers. their positioning is perfectly compatible with the belonging area on this map. as observed in the past, catalog sales/mail-order businesses are positioned in the convenience area. straumann's positioning is heavily focused on performance, excellence, and the premium concept. it is noteworthy the positioning of dentsply sirona in the perception of dentists: it is close to the digital technology area but also relevant to the concept of being premium, as previously observed in the frequency distribution of attributes that have been analyzed. ivoclar and ultradent are positioned close to the concepts of effectiveness, practicality, and ease of use, with the brand gc being particularly close to the latter. kulzer's positioning is closely associated with the concepts of flexibility and versatility, voco with good value for money, and zhermack is closer to the convenience area. 49 brand image: items score brand positioning mean all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - all brands in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 50 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) this chart displays the overall average scores obtained by the investigated brands concerning specific attributes. the goal of the analysis is to compare the overall results with those obtained by the investigated brands to find out which items most significantly characterize the perceived image of each brand under investigation. brand image: focus on brands - 3m in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 51 mean 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) mean dentsply sirona (296 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - dentsply sirona in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 52 (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ivoclar in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 53 mean ivoclar (144 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - gc in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 54 mean gc (95 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kulzer in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 55 mean kulzer (44 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - kerr in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 56 mean kerr (108 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - ultradent in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 57 mean ultradent (36 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on brands - voco in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 58 mean voco (58 quotes) (scores: 1 totally irrelevant, 2 partially irrelevant, 3 neutral, 4 quite relevant, 5 totally relevant) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 59 3m (280 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) dentsply sirona (296 quotes) ivoclar (144 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 60 kerr (108 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) kulzer (44 quotes) gc (95 quotes) brand image: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean in your opinion, how do you rate the mentioned brands in the following areas? 61 voco (58 quotes) ultradent (36 quotes) all brands (1.142 quotes) brand image vs recommendation: correlation analysis 62 brand positioning bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation.", "type": "Document"}}