{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "68 satisfaction analysis factor analysis 69 the factor analysis allows to find out 4 latent factors: product quality: the factor is characterized by those items that relate on one side to the practical usage of cad-cam and, on the other, the aspects of the software and the ease of use of the interface. it partially includes the operating costs that are partially experienced as an integral part of quality. customer support services : includes all aspects of the relationship between the company and the user regarding the technical service and after sales. running cost: refers to the aspects not related to the purchase cost but to the overall running costs for the use of the equipment and the software over time. training: the factor refers to the education and training of the dentist and the support in the use of the equipment after the purchase. owners sample the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. satisfaction analysis users stratification 70 owners sample owners sample all factors have mean 0 and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. as anticipated in the correlation analysis, the satisfaction model for both technologies resulted to be reliable. the analysis on the factors scores show an overall less satisfactory situation for the chairside milling. particularly critical are the training and the customer support services. it is a matter of understanding, thanks to specific deepening, if the chairside milling critical points are to be attributed to weak spots in the manufacturer service, the distribution system or specific difficulties in the world of the chairside systems. satisfaction analysis linear regression 71 the product quality has the highest weight on the satisfaction, both in the overall model and for the scanner users. with regards to the other chairside milling, the running costs and the training show the highest weight. the linear regression is a statistical technique whose aim is to find out if a causal relationship exists between one or more independent variables (in this case the factors derived from the factor analysis on the satisfaction) and one dependent variable (in this case the overall satisfaction). the linear regression requirement is that a linear relationship exists between the variables so that this relationship can be explained with a straight line. the linear regression allows to understand the intensity of the relationship between the independent and the dependent variables and to what extent each factor affects the overall satisfaction. the linear regression model shows a value r2=0,777 (r-squared), this means that about 78% of the satisfaction is explained by this model. owners sample overall satisfaction 22% customer support services 46% product quality running cost 19% training 14% chairside milling users focus quantitative aspects focus on chairside milling users digital work flow prostheses weight out of the total precision impressions done in your practice, what is the percentage of impressions done with the digital work flow? 73 chairside milling owners sample base: 60 cases total sample percentage of practices vs percentage of cases from digital work flow prostheses taking into consideration the chairside milling owners only (oversampling on users), only one third of them carry out less than half of the prosthetic cases with digital work flow, while 17% of them declare to make prosthesis only with digital work flow (not necessarily all of them carried out with the chairside milling). basing on the quotes, the total prosthetic cases carried out with digital work flow is 68%. among the chairside milling users, about two thirds of all prosthetic cases are made with the digital work flow. focus on chairside milling users minutes required for digital design how many minutes do you need in general for the digital design with the cad/cam software per patient? 74 16 minutes it is the average time for the digital design. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of time required for the digital design only one fourth of the chairside milling users sample declares it takes more than 15 minutes for the digital design with a cad- cam software. the overall mean is 16 minutes, with a good homogeneity throughout the cases. chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users weight of restorations in one appointment how many indirect restorations are done in your practice, in an average week? in percent, how many of your single restorations are performed in one appointment? in percent, how many of your multiple restorations are performed in one appointment? among chairside milling users, about two thirds of indirect restorations are done in one single appointment. base: 77 cases total sample percentage of practices by classes of production in one single visit in the chairside milling users sample only 14% of them dont carry out indirect restorations in one single appointment. this percentage goes up to 40% for the multiple restorations. 29% of them declares to carry out 100% of the single restorations in one single appointment. the percentages steeply decrease for multiple restorations. in overall, about 54% of the single restorations have been carried out in one appointment, while the percentage goes down to 20% for the multiple restorations. mean: 54% mean: 20% 75 chairside milling owners sample focus on chairside milling users used materials how often do you use the following consumable cad- cam materials in your practice? base: 77 cases total sample frequency of use of different materials almost all respondents declare to use the lithium disilicate glass-ceramics. only 1% declares not to use this material. chairside milling owners sample 76 italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}