{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "in the upper right side of the map there are brands with an unaided awareness above the average one and higher immediate association to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment. other brands like ivoclar vivadent, nobil metal or egs show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. - unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 40 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to underline that some brands like 3m, ivoclar vivadent, gc, kavo and straumann show a high percentage of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. 3shape and dentsply sirona show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. *align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant differences. digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 41 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent, 3m and bego show the highest percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona shows among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 42 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of dentsply sirona and 3shape, which, at the same time, do show high levels of spontaneous digital awareness so that the resulting relevance index is higher than average. notoriet spontanea vs. notoriet complessiva nel segmento digitale per ognuna delle seguenti marche, gentilmente indichi se la conosce (come produttore cad-cam). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 43 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like 3shape, zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona, which, differently from amann girrbach, kavo, 3m or ivoclar vivadent, show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 44 total awareness digital + relevance + dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness, followed by 3shape and carestream. dental wings and align technologies, although at a lower total awareness level, do show relevance scores higher than average. base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 600 cases (whole sample) 45 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand which more than others can be recalled spontaneously to mind. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being far lower than zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona in terms of total awareness, do show similar values of relevance. - total awareness digital + relevance + labo digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 46 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right in the here shown map. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) 47 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map). for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + labo brand awareness and positioning evaluation scores on positioning items brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 49 clinic overall brands (216 quotes) mean in overall, worldwide reknown and highly reputable show the highest mean scores, probably because the target is more concerned with these factors. the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. dentsply sirona (78 quotes) overall (216 quotes) 3shape (45 quotes) carestream (33 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 50 clinic brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. labo overall brands (652 quotes) mean 51 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated.", "type": "Document"}}