{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "in this case, the results of the dentists sample are not very different from those of laboratories. chart intention to buy: scanners/milling units - europe its interesting to note that the more mature technical market also shows a lower percentage of intention to by a scanner/milling unit than the dental practices. and again, when it comes to the evaluation of this indicator by country, germany shows the lowest percentages of intention to buy. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 33 with regard to the clinical sample, the countries showing the highest percentages of intention to buy are italy and spain, while among the laboratories, the countries are italy and france. among the most relevant reasons for not buying a scanner/milling unit, there are the lack of need, therefore it is not felt necessary, so it may be a good point for future commercial actions by the companies involved in this segment, and the excessive cost, together with the fact that a good portion of respondents still feel the traditional method to be the most preferred one. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 34 customer satisfaction and loyalty metrics the analysis of the overall scores of the customer satisfaction highlighted the relatively lower scores given by the sample of dental practices in comparison to the results showed by the dental laboratories. although the quality seems to be unquestionable, the same item accuracy and quality of the restorations showed an average of 7,8 in the sample of dental practices, while among laboratories it showed a score of 8,3 and for both it was the highest score among all investigated items. the other items to be the most satisfactory for both samples, were handiness/ease of use and wide range of materials available, which somehow match the needs expressed by both samples in the analysis of the most important reasons to use. reliability completes the list of the most relevant items that received the highest satisfaction scores, while, on the bottom side there is the price area, with the items overall running costs and cost of sw updates, which received among the lowest scores. the correlation analysis will explain which items are more relevant in the assessment of the overall satisfaction and if there are critical items to be monitored closely. chart customer satisfaction: bivariate correlation analysis: weight of items on the overall satisfaction europe its interesting to note that no item related to the assistance and support has been mentioned among the most satisfactory items. given the high technology content of this specific product segment, the support from the company becomes crucial and the multiple correlation analysis highlighted the importance of some items - related to the support and assistance from the manufacturer whose satisfaction score was not ranked among the highest ones. overall running cost, which resulted to be a key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 35 rather unsatisfactory item, looks to be more important to the dental practices, in the assessment of the overall satisfaction, than to the laboratories. chart customer satisfaction: bivariate correlation analysis map - europe in the lower right side of the maps there are the items whose satisfaction was not high, but whose weight on the overall satisfaction has to be considered higher than average, thus representing, from an overall point of view, key factor of success. in the sample of dental practices, the analysis highlighted the support and the assistance from the manufacturer, along with the running costs, to be critical in the assessment of the overall satisfaction. the sample of dental laboratories highlighted, other than the assistance in case of repair, a clear need for sw updates and flexibility from the manufacturer to meet the needs of their customers (laboratories). if the analysis is performed on the single manufacturers, the key factors of success become weak items, because their importance is high, but their satisfaction score is lower than average and all most relevant items mentioned for the overall analysis are present as weak items in the analysis by brand. on the laboratory side, its worth to highlight the weaknesses related to the service and support area for sirona, the running costs (overall and sw updates) and flexibility for amann girrbach and, in general, a lack of satisfaction in the area of assistance and support. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 36 chart customer satisfaction, factor analysis - europe the factor analysis (4 factors) performed on the customer satisfaction items highlighted, as happened with the recommendation, almost the same items. management costs and compatibility were exactly the same, while the first two were slightly different. in the clinical sample the quality of the product is joint to the quality of the service, thus making just one factor product and service quality, while in the sample of dental laboratories the product quality is alone and the service is part of a different factor focused on the area of support and assistance. the technical assistance and support make the difference: for the dental practices, they belong to the first factor, while for the laboratory they belong to the second one. chart customer satisfaction, multiple regression analysis - europe this analysis takes care of assessing how much the single factors affect the overall satisfaction. as previously seen in the factor analysis, the technical assistance and support look to be important, because in the sample of dental practices the first factor, which includes those items, weights far more than the other ones (43%), while in the sample of dental laboratories is the second factor again, including those factors the most important one, with 33% of weight on the overall satisfaction.", "type": "Document"}}