{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "in the practices where the owner's age is less than 45 years (28%). in the practices with more than 3 equivalent dentists (31%). among dentists that answered to the questionnaire through internet, the percentage increases slightly, while there are no differences based on the practice pricing policy. just 20% proposes regularly (always or almost always) digital workflow prostheses. random sample base: 455 cases total sample cad-cam prostheses offer among those proposing digital work flow ones how do you use cad-cam technologies at your practice, according to the following modalities? 14 in the practices with an improved management, the offer of prostheses produced through scanner only and chairside milling is higher compared to the practices with a more traditional management: respectively the sample stands at 11% and 7%. the trend to own an intraoral scanner and a chairside milling unit is a feature of practices with better performances, and respectively 21% and 11% of practices in the last year have placed more than 50 implants. the chairside milling is more present among surgeries with more than 3 chairs (9%); the same trend features those having only the intraoral scanner (17%). 79% of the practices with more than 3 chairs send the impressions and the model outside, versus 95% of those practices with one chair. the ownership of this kind of equipment still is a marginal matter random sample base: 354 cases cad-cam restorations providers experience with the intraoral scanner how long do you have the intraoral scanner? 15 basically, the practices performing better purchased the intraoral scanner more than one year ago (36% of the practices placing more than 50 implants per year). the larger practices with a number of dental chairs higher than three, have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. the same phenomenon is observed with the number of dentists, where about 40% of the practices with more than 3 dentists state to have purchased the intraoral scanner more than two years ago. about one third of the installed equipment seem to be purchased in the last year. random sample base: 45 cases scanner owners dentists' opinions towards digital technologies opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside milling) according to the following definitions? 17 among the best performing practices the stance versus the cad-cam technologies improves: the overall opinion is the need to get closer to keep the pace of the innovation. also among the practices with a more evolved business management the opinion improves in comparison to the surgeries with a more traditional management, in particular, for those stating to have a business development plan. more discomfort: in the practices where the practices owner is higher than 55 years (38%) in the mono dental practices or just two dental chairs (33% and 36%) random sample base: 455 cases total sample opinion regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position with regard to the digital technologies (especially intra-oral scanning and/or chairside dental milling) according to the following definitions? 18 the discomfort is more present and seems to prevail regarding economical and conceptual matters. random sample base: 455 cases total sample weight: 22% weight: 68% weight: 10% 57% of those not offering digital work flow prosthesis, not even in outsourcing mode, named no digital users (weighting about one fourth of the sample), feel discomfort with the digital technologies. also those offering digital work flow prosthesis, even in outsourcing mode, at least one out of four (26%) feel discomfort, while those having a digital technology - only one out of 10 - declare to have troubles with that kind of technologies. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 19 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the practices with higher performance and with a monthly expenditure higher than 900 euros estimate that the cad-cam technology will replace completely the traditional prosthesis (69%). there are no significant differences within the socio-demographic sample stratification. also regarding the stratification by kind of business management doesnt show relevant statistical differences versus the overall sample average. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how the prostheses are performed? 20 random sample base: 455 cases total sample its interesting to note how also among no digital users, that is no digital workflow, not even in outsourcing, more than 50% state that the future will only be digital prosthetics. influence of cad-cam technology for the production of the prostheses how do you feel the digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect how prosthetics is performed? 21 random sample base: 455 cases total sample without taking into account 2% of the sample which thinks that the future of the digital prosthesis will not prevail, and crossing the comfort situation with the perception regarding the future of the digital prosthesis, two main topics arise: despite the digital work flow prosthesis will have an important role, even not completely replacing the traditional one, more than 40% feel discomfort regarding the technologies. also among those thinking that the digital prosthesis will completely replace the traditional one, one out of four feels uncomfortable about those technologies. in both situation, a possible frustration from the users can be highlighted. those users may need help from both the manufacturers and the scientific world to ease the path towards a higher familiarity with the digital technologies. future purchase intention intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 23 the practices with better performances declare a higher attitude to the purchase of a cad-cam system: practices spending more than 900 a month (50%); those placing more than 50 implants a year (53%). a higher attitude to purchase the cad-cam technology comes from both the clinics with dentists younger than 55 (38% for dentists younger than 45 and 36% for dentists aged between 45 and 55); and for practices with bigger size, with more than 3 chairs (47%). certainly yes + probably yes 33% random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 24 random sample base: 410 cases non owners the purchase intention is double among those who already uses the full outsourcing, compared to those who do not offer digital work flow prostheses 38% vs 17%. the analysis of the sample stratification allows for a precise profiling of the potential buyers to develop marketing activities on, in order to increase demand generation. intention to buy: intraoral scanner vs. chairside milling unit 25 among those keen to invest in the cad- cam technologies, almost all of them declare their willingness to purchase an intraoral scanner in the next future. in the purchase intention for certainly and probably the difference is huge. in those cases, it is the offer pulling on the demand certainly certainly + probably base: 135 cases potential clients random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? (yes/no) 26 random sample base: 410 cases non owners primary target profile they are basically web respondents (double the intention to buy versus the phone respondents, slightly higher for the chairside milling), subscribers to sector newsletters, rather independent and with not loyal relationships with the dealers. the dentists from the south of italy are those showing the higher interest, where, however, those technologies are less widespread, in particular the chairside milling, with an intention to buy which is double the average. the target focus is between 46 and 55 years old, the younger ones (up to 45) are more oriented to the scanner and the older ones (more than 55) to the chairside milling. with specific regard to the chairside milling, the core target is the practice open for more than 20 years. despite there is a direct correlation between the size and the intention to buy, the big sized practice with at least 3-4 chairs and several consultants is more oriented towards the purchase of a scanner and far less to the chairside milling, which seems to be more interesting to a mid-sized practice with 2-3 chairs, which in the future may recur to the partnership with an internal technician. the specialized practices seem to be more oriented to make the investment (47% specialized practices vs 25% general ones), in specific prosthetics and implant dentistry with more than 50 implants placed a year (52% vs 33% overall average). those interested to the chairside milling do show a lower attitude to the strategic planning, which is contrary to those interested in the scanner. in the imagery of the dentists more oriented to the purchase, the most quoted brands, for those willing to buy a scanner are most of all 3m followed by 3shape (even though sirona is always the first one in the intention to buy), while among those keen to invest in a chairside milling the most quoted brand is sirona. intention to buy: probably/certainly no why you probably/certainly no? why not? main issue the cost random sample base: 269 cases not interested in purchasing intention to buy: probably/certainly yes why you probably/certainly yes?", "type": "Document"}}