{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/IOS_Report_FR-IT-ES_rev17.pdf", "total_pages": 28, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926190916+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "implantology is practiced in almost every dental practice except france the research shows that implantology is practiced in almost all dental practices, except in france (greater specialization). in spain, there is a higher proportion of heavy implant users (highly developed implantology market). in france, orthodontics specifically aligners, represent still a niche market (mainly due to regulatory reasons). on the contrary aligners are extensively used in italy and spain. while these data are not intended for an analysis of the aligner market, they are very useful for profiling the subsequent responses related to this topic. align technology, dentsply sirona, and straumann are the three largest groups among companies that offer scanners, making it important to analyze any differences in purchase behavior and perception among their respective customers. aligners users 11 how many aligners do you approximately place in a year in your dental practice? which aligner brands do you use in order of importance in your dental practice? base: 371 (total sample) fr it es 52% 61% 74% 11% 7% 21% 9% 4% 11% 15% 5% 6% 3% 7% 5% 16% 1% 7% 2% 1% 4% 6% 5% other mentioned brands account for 21% (fr: 25%; it: 31%; es: 8%) of the responses provided and comprise 27 brands aligner treatment in france affects only a niche of dental practices consumable customer segmentation 12 base: 371 (total sample) opinions and behaviors of customers of consumable products and services from align technologies, straumann, and dentsply sirona can be analyzed separately with the intention to separately evaluate the results of straumanns customers, users of straumann, neodent, and anthogyr implants, as well as clearcorrect, were grouped together. this allowed for the definition of a statistically significant segment of 89 cases. during the analysis, it was noted that dentsply sironas customers (implants and aligners) also represent a statistically significant segment, as do the 171 invisalign users. the segmentation questions conducted on the sample allowed for the identification of customers from three companies, whose statistical representativeness is considered sufficient to attempt to identify potential differences in purchase behavior perception. for convenience, these three companies are referred to in the charts with the following abbreviations: align technologies (alt), straumann (str), and dentsply sirona (ds). this segmentation explicitly excludes owners of itero or dentsply sirona scanners because the same parameter cannot be used for straumann, which has not yet been mentioned as a scanner brand (the 39 itero owners and 43 ds scanner owners were nonetheless isolated for possible considerations). ios penetration 13 prospective buyers from future and current owners 14 do you have intraoral scanners in your practice? base: 371 (total sample) across countries, there are no significant differences except in spain, where it was found a higher rate of non-owners who are considering a purchase: among the prospects in spain, non-owners make up 50%. in italy, those who already own a scanner have a greater presence. the proportion of non-owners among prospects is much higher among those over 54 and in smaller dental practices. the prospects can be categorized into two groups: potential future owners (about 40% of the sample) who don't own a scanner, and current owners (about 60% of the sample) who wish to purchase additional scanners. previous and recent surveys confirm that among repurchasers, 80% plan to add more while 20% plan to substitute the current technology. however, in practices with two or more scanners, the focus shifts toward replacing older scanners. this trend is influenced by the size of the dental practice and the age of their initial scanners. those who already own ios represent a highly relevant and strategic segment 61% of respondents own an ios scanner owner prospects 39% of respondents are prospects non-owner prospects ios owner prospects: period of purchase 15 what is the year of purchase of your intraoral scanner? base: 227 (respondents who have ios) the market potential of those who already own a quite recent ios should not be overlooked, but price sensitivity is a discriminant factor focusing on prospects who already own scanners (repurchasers), it was observed that over 70% of the sample has made a recent purchase, indicating a strong likelihood of intending to buy additional machines. however, it is important not to overlook the impact of pricing strategies in italy and spain, where aggressive bundling offers (especially in spain) and significant tax incentives (in italy) starting at the end of 2020 have driven prices down significantly (on average, reducing the investment by 50% compared to the supplier's agreed price, with reductions of nearly 90% in southern italy due to a second tax incentive). this trend of paying a very reduced price for scanners in recent years, due to commercial or fiscal reasons, has influenced the price perception, particularly among those who already own scanners, especially if they purchased them recently. this information was gathered to assess potential differences in behavior and evaluations of straumann's scanner value proposition. hence, the purpose of this data analysis is to provide new insights when examining purchase behavior and value propositions. owners only ios owner prospects: installed brands considering only the prospects intending to make a purchase, it is interesting to evaluate purchasing behavior and the assessment of straumann's value proposition based on the brands already owned. it was found a strong presence of medit in france and a significant presence of align technology in spain: these are two factors to be considered. it is also noteworthy that 3shape is more prevalent among the younger audience. given the number of cases, this analysis is not an evaluation of the installed base of equipment but aims to identify those who own specific brands to see if they have different purchasing intentions and if they evaluate straumann's value proposition differently compared to those using other brands. 16 what is the brand of your intraoral scanner?", "type": "Document"}}