{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the size of the bubbles represents the brands capacity to be associated to the cad-cam sector. brand positioning cad-cam manufacturers numeric distribution: intraoral scanner and chairside milling what model and brand of intraoral scanner you use to take digital impressions? 41 random sample numeric distribution it is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain product / brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier, not necessarily in an exclusive way. this section is placed in the brand perception because it is heavily affected by the brand penetration. please consider that on the random sample; only 45 scanners users have been found, for this reason the numeric distribution is shown for qualitative purposes only. as for the chairside milling, only 17 users have been found in the random sample, so that it is not possible to investigate the numeric distribution, even though 80% of the users quoted sirona. numeric distribution intraoral scanner base: 45 cases owners scanner brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know sirona. with a high number of quotes, sirona performance can be considered quite similar to that of the overall random sample. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample sirona (154 quotes) mean total sample (370 quotes) 42 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3shape (55 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3shape. the scores of the brand image, on average, looks higher than the overall scores, but for a few items, namely customer service oriented and approachable, friendly. 43 brand image how much do you agree the following statements are relevant to the brands that im going to read out to you? please, use a scale where 1 stands for completely disagree and 10 stands for completely agree. mean clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree random sample total sample (370 quotes) 3m (37 quotes) the charts show the difference between the total sample responding to this question and those who know 3m. the respondents gave a higher evaluation to the concept of reputation but a weaker position can be seen regarding the pricing, the ease of use and in the customer orientation. 44 brand image factor analysis 45 prestige leadership: it includes the items linked to the reputation and prestige. this factor is far from the other items investigated, even if rather correlated to innovation and reliability. product excellence: this factor is featured by the innovation in particular, which is strongly correlated to the concept of simplification of the daily practice and to the reliability. approachable, friendly: the nature of this factor is not only economical, but also technical, and it is a good indicator of a given focus on the client perceived by the market. too expensive: it just shows one item, and it classify the brand as too expensive in comparison to the benefits given, but it resulted to be a not important factor in this market and also the regression analysis shows a not relevant weight on the recommendation. the factor analysis is a multi-variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the brand perception), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables. the propensity to be recommended, is a crucial element of the brand image and, in this case, it is across the first three factors, but strongly influenced by the second one, the product excellence. this new way of thinking about the quality in dentistry, with innovation, easiness and reliability, clearly prevail on the market leadership. positioning drivers random sample brand image factor analysis 46 main brands awareness positioning the chart shows the means for the main known brands, as a matter of fact, this is a brand perception mapping. sirona, with the vast majority of the quotes, is clearly close to the average, even if it received lower scores for the product excellence. as the number of cases lowers, the values get far from the average, and some distinctive features can be highlighted for the main brands. interesting are the results from 3shape on product excellence, less positive is on approachable, friendly. as for 3m, only prestige leadership shows a positive score. all factors have mean zero and standard deviation 1, the histograms shows the average scores of the factors for the shown information. random sample buying behavior focus on cad-cam owners purchase process regarding the moment you took the decision to buy your equipment, among the following statements, which is the closest to the way you took such a decision? 48 base: 105 cases owners owners sample cad-cam owners have been asked to describe their purchasing process. even if the cost is high, in 61% of the cases the decision was an almost emotional one. on another hand, 39% of the respondents declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs, therefore a rational purchase. the behavior of those aged more than 55 resulted to be more emotional, while the younger ones declared to have carefully evaluated benefits and costs. the emotional approach is slightly higher for the chairside milling and slightly less for the purchase of a scanner. instinct purchase are less common among those having a business plan. the emotional/impulsive purchase showed to be very strong in this business purchase process, influencers who provided advice/consultation before the purchase? 49 base: 105 cases owners owners sample influencers in the purchase process high weight of the word of mouth and sales rep. for the chairside milling. 30% of the cad-cam users sample declared to have received advice from colleagues or from the technician. so it is clear the strategic role of the customer care and after sales processes and loyalty strengthening.", "type": "Document"}}