{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "percentage of laboratories in comparison to year 2015, there have been a relevant decrease of laboratories being supplied by partner labs, while the use of the manufacturer channel increased remarkably. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 68 percentage of laboratories base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those using a scanner, 35% of them also have an in-houose milling and 25% are full outsourcing users. for example, those sending their models or scans to a partner lab, 69% of them have a scanner for sending scans outside and 29% of them also have an in-house milling. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 69 base: 405 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those performing full outsourcing, 75% of them send the models to a manufacturer and 68% of them send the models to a partner lab. for example, those sending their scans or models to a partner lab in 29% of the cases they also have an in-house milling and in 64% of the cases they also send the scans or models to a manufacturer/milling center. the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. percentage of laboratories brands numeric distribution and intention to buy digital technologies and cad-cam frame materials scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? total scanners (330 cases) scans sent outside (242 cases) the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies have certainly increased their presence among the spanish dental labs, and dentsply sirona improved its position too. 71 in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 139 cases (milling units owners) 72 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, vhf and amann girrbach have increased their performance over the last years. manufacturer milling centers: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 205 cases (manufacturer users) 73 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as ideas medical solution, while sineldent confirms its leading position among the centralized milling centers in spain. cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 84 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 74 processing without dont know / no answer the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. technology intention to buy are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year? 75 18% of those not performing fixed prosthetics using digital technologies plan to start within a year. this percentage increases among laboratories with three or more technicians (31%) and among those declaring a positive perception with respect to the future of their business (27%). if, on one hand, the intention to buy have increased remarkably in recent years - in 2012 only 7% of those not providing digitally produced prosthesis declared they would have done - with the wide spreading of the digital technology, still there seem to be a hard socket of those somehow adverse to it, as the very slight change from 2015 (16%) to 2018 (18%) demonstrates. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 159 cases (not providing digital restorations) 2015: 25 cases intention to buy intention to buy technology intention to buy: why not are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies (cad-cam / 3d printing) within the next year? if not, why? 76 base: 131 cases (not willing to provide digital restorations) the most relevant reasons still are related to a low demand for this kind of technology / no need, or because it requires what is considered to be a too high investment. intention to buy 2015 customer experience and loyalty metrics overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. net promoter score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score 78 satisfaction score: overall brands lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to mean 79 overall brands (538 quotes) satisfaction score: overall brands vs. open technologies lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) open technologies overall open technologies (50 quotes) mean 80 overall brands (538 quotes) satisfaction score: overall brands vs. amann girrbach lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) amann girrbach overall amann girrbach (30 quotes) 81 overall brands (538 quotes) mean satisfaction score: overall brands vs. 3shape lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) 3shape overall 3shape (26 quotes) 82 overall brands (538 quotes) mean satisfaction score: focus on completely satisfied - difference from mean open technologies (50 quotes) overall (538 quotes) amann girrbach (30 quotes) 3shape (26 quotes) 83 perceived value score: main brands to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 84 mean base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes open technologies shows a relevant performance in perceived value score, while 3shape mean value is below average. mean n.p.s base: 538 quotes base: 50 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 26 quotes net promoter score: main brands how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam company brands to a colleague? (scores from 0 extremely unlikely to 10 extremely likely) it is interesting to note that, according to the literature, generally speaking, the nps value should be above 20 to be considered satisfactory. certainly this value may differ according to the market segment under analysis, but its just interesting to note that the highest nps score in this case is 13 by amann girrbach. it is also worth to compare the spanish results from italy, where the values of the leading brands were all above the possible answers have been further clustered. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 0 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 85 repurchase intention score: main brands 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated.", "type": "Document"}}