{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "86 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. as shown in the chart on the right some brands seem to perform better in the satisfaction of some items in comparison to other ones, as happens for amann girrbach and zirkonzahn. other brands seem to perform below average in some of the considered factors. - + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 87 what seen in the factor analysis takes here an assessment with regard to the importance that the multiple regression analysis highlights the single factors may have in determining the overall satisfaction. like it happened with the regression analysis on dental practices, the value of r2 is really high (0,777), so that a large portion of satisfaction can be explained by the items contained in the factors here shown. unlike what seen in the report for dental practices, there is no clear prevalence of one factor over the other ones. in this case, the items showing the highest weights on the satisfaction are two: product quality and support and assistance. it will be interesting to see if the same weight on the overall satisfaction is shown in the analysis performed on the single brands. the other factors are the same of the analysis performed on dental practices. management costs and compatibility again shows almost the same weight (18% the former, 17% the latter). (r2=0,777) overall satisfaction 32% 18% product quality management costs 33% support and assistance compatibility 17% customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 88 while 3shape breakdown of the weights of the different factors looks to be on par with the overall situation (only a lower weight for the compatibility), other companies show a different breakdown. this is the case of amann girrbach, where the product quality and the management costs show a higher than average weights. zirkonzahn and 3m show a very high weight of product quality, while then overall satisfaction of sirona, dentsply and dental wings look to be mostly affected by the factor support and assistance. multiple regression analysis the regression analysis is a multi-variate statistical technique whose main aim is to find out the existing relationship between a target variable (dependent variable, in our case, the overall satisfaction) and a group of independent variables (each single factor derived from the factor analysis). one of the main focus of the multiple regression is to assess how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by the independent variables (corner stone factors of the satisfaction which have been previously indicated: product quality, support and assistance, management costs, compatibility), i.e. how much these factors are influencing the behavior of the dependent one. conclusions 89 the german respondents had their relevant weight in this analysis, as the weight of this country is quite high. germany looks to be the most mature market with regard to the digital technologies, and to a certain extent the approach and the stance versus the digital world is different from that of the other countries. the overall scenario analysis highlighted a common belief regarding the fact that digital technologies are going to change the way the restorations and the dentistry in general will be performed. the change looks to be not so dramatic, meaning that the traditional prosthetic will maintain a certain distinct role even in the future. the roles and the cooperation between dentists and technicians looks not to be in danger, on the contrary it may tighten. moreover, a closer cooperation with the industry is expected as well. we are working on a further deepening of the topics investigated on an extensive, integrated report, which will include findings from both surveys (clinical and technical) and will contain our conclusions about the overall results. italy: torino - roma +39 011 3119430 +39 011 3118669 www.key-stone.it key-stone@key-stone.it powered by", "type": "Document"}}