{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 89, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192621+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "country: the data are split by each investigated country. digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: chairside milling (respondents stating to use chairside milling unit at their practice); scanner (respondents stating to use scanner to send scan files outside for milling); impression (respondents stating to send outside impressions for milling). - channel: manuf/milling center (respondents stating to send impressions and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send impressions and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? 10 base: 1000 cases germany shows a higher penetration of dental practices with technicians. scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? if yes, how many? 11 base: 149 cases mean: 1,6 1,4 1,6 2,0 2,0 1,4 it look like germany has a higher heterogeneity where theres a higher penetration of dental practices with technicians, but where the average number of technicians is lower. other countries information should be considered as an indication only. scenario: number of dental technicians and laboratories do you have at least a technician at your practice? if no, how many laboratories do you cooperate with? 12 base: 851 cases mean: 2,0 1,5 2,1 2,0 2,4 2,9 uk and spain are the countries that tend to be provided by more than one laboratory. this means that the competition between laboratories can be higher in those countries. scenario: use of digital technologies in practices do you provide your patients with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 13 base: 1000 cases in comparison to an overall mean of 32%, spain, italy and germany seem to be the countries where digital indirect restorations are performed the most. uk looks to be an important exception in comparison to the other countries do you provide your patients with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 14 base: 1000 cases scenario: use of digital technologies in practices despite a rather low penetration of the digital technologies france shows one of the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 15 base: 323 cases the most frequent way to provide digital restorations is through the traditional channel, by sending the impressions or the scans to a dental lab or a manufacturer/milling center. 14% of providers of digital restorations do have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 16 base: 323 cases with regard to the analysis by channels, spain and france show the highest percentages of use of the manufacturer/milling center as the preferred channel, while italy shows the highest percentage of respondents owning a chairside milling unit. uk should be considered as an indication only, due to the reduced number of cases. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 17 base: 323 cases with regard to the technologies, again the traditional method is the most used one (86%). about 20% of the respondents providing digital technologies use an intraoral scanner, while 14% do have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers 11% is the percent of scanner owners, out of the total digital restorations providers, who use the scanner to send the files outside for milling. the total % of scanner owners, including those used with the in-lab milling units, is 20%. scenario: digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 18 base: 323 cases the analysis by country highlights italy as the country with the highest penetration of intraoral scanners users among digital restorations providers. uk should be considered as an indication only, due to the reduced number of cases. focus on digital restoration providers scenario: digital technology use - channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 19 the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison with the same technologies and the different channels used. please, see the example on the right. base: 323 cases for example, among those using a scanner to send outside the scans, 44% of them also have a chairside milling. for example, those sending their restorations to a partner lab, in 11% of the cases also send them to a manufacturer/milling center and in 7% of the cases they have a chairside milling. focus on digital restoration providers channels scenario: digital technology use - technologies and channels how do you provide digital restorations in your practice?", "type": "Document"}}