{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "in general, the advice from the manufacturer sales rep. is preferred over the distributor ones. it is high the percentage of those who got information by their own but this is true almost only for the intraoral scanner. in the chairside milling purchase process it is fundamental the role of the manufacturer sales rep. (very high most of all among those responding via web), while it decreases steadily the autonomous information collection. reasons to buy spontaneous statements what was the main reason that made you decide to buy a cad-cam equipment? base: 105 cases owners owners sample the most prevailing motivations are a kind of subjective ones, linked to an innovation concept (trust in the technology and willingness to be at the forefront). a relevant weight is also from the aspects related to the performance improvement and the quality of the results. less relevant is the desire of independence from the laboratory, not very high among scanners users. base 126 responses among the different unaided answers the trust in the future prevails, but also some practical aspect (time reduction and higher accuracy). the answers have been aggregated according to their own nature and into four different areas, whose data processing have been made on the sum of answers. this aggregation allows for some further interesting consideration . please note again that 70% of the sample owns a chairside milling. 50 reasons to buy objective analysis on the proposed items how much do you agree with the following statements about the moment you decided to invest in a cad-cam? please give me a score from 1 to 10, where 1 stands for strongly disagree and 10 stands for totally agree. 51 base: 105 cases owners owners sample mean following the unaided answers, some items have been investigated, which allowed the selection of true purchasing drivers. also in this case, the emotional approach of the orientation to the future prevails . it is a typical attitude of the pioneers belonging to a newly born product segment. clusters 10 completely agree 8-9 rather agree 6-7 rather disagree 1-5 completely disagree reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment factor analysis 52 owners sample the factor analysis identified 4 latent factors for the reasons to buy a cad-cam equipment. better performance: represents the performance improvement seen as economic benefits and increased productivity. image and innovation: this factor summarizes the feeling that owning a cad-cam equipment improves the image of the clinic to the eyes of the patients. patient care: owning a cad-cam technology allows to treat the patients in less time than traditional methods, improving their comfort. independence from the lab: a cad-cam allows the practice to be independent from the lab. base: 105 cases owners the factor analysis is a multi- variate statistical analysis used to investigate and give explanation of the correlations among a given number of variables. thanks to a given number of known variables (in this case the reasons to buy), the factor analysis finds out some latent factors being able to statistically summarize the explicit variables.", "type": "Document"}}