{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 74, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone Srl", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. dentsply sirona is the most mentioned brand, with a good increase with respect to year among the followers, 3shape and align technology are new entries, while 3m looses some points. ivoclar vivadent and straumann increase their performance as well. (282 cases) (201 cases) overlap index: 1,23 1,09 processing without don't know the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations (crowns, bridges, inlays, onlays, veneers) with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? 40 the unaided awareness is highly affected by the use of a certain product and this is evident by analyzing the breakdown by digital technologies users and owners. base: 282 cases (whole sample) overlap index: 1,44 1,08 1,44 1,43 1,42 1,39 1,65 2,00 processing without don't know digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is worth to underline that some brands like 3m, dentsply sirona, ivoclar vivadent, kavo and straumann show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona and carestream show among the highest values of awareness related to the production of cad-cam equipment. * align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant difference. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 41 total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 282 cases (whole sample) the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness broadly speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness focused on the digital segment and the total awareness broadly speaking. the resulting map shows some brands located in the right side of the map, whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world. it is interesting to note how some brands, clearly identified as to belong to the digital world, in order to increase their performance, should work on the level of their total awareness broadly speaking (thus moving from the lower to the upper side of the map), and some others, already having a high total awareness, should increase their awareness in the digital world, thus moving towards right. 42 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness and total awareness digital for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness in the digital segment of brands like carestream and dentsply sirona: the latter, along with align technology, also showing a high relevance index, followed by 3shape and 3m. base: 282 cases (whole sample) 43 digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). the map showing the total awareness digital and the relevance highlights that dentsply sirona emerges as the brand with the highest ratio between the total and the unaided awareness and the highest total awareness as well. carestream shows a high performance as well, but with a lower awareness quality, since it is less frequently mentioned spontaneously. on the contrary, align technology is less known, but with a higher awareness quality, being mentioned more frequently in a spontaneous way. base: 282 cases (whole sample) total awareness digital + relevance + 44 brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. in overall, reputation and trust received the highest mean scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (196 quotes) mean 2018 2015 4,3 4,3 4,2 4,2 4,4 4,1 4,2 4,1 4,0 4,0 3,5 3,5 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. 46 brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (43 quotes) dentsply sirona overall mean overall brands (196 quotes) 47 overall (196 quotes) dentsply sirona (43 quotes) brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements?", "type": "Document"}}