{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 74, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone Srl", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083604+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "20 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items. the clustering is the following: not related: the scores grouped in this cluster are not related, rather not related. neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are neutral, rather related. fully related is shown without any grouping. 2015: 201 cases 2,8 2,8 2,5 2,4 base: 282 cases (whole sample) 158 cases change in the way restorations are performed change in the way restorations are performed the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to year 2015, although the percentage of yes slightly decreases, all the different topics got a higher evaluation. when considering the difference versus the overall mean, its interesting to note that a higher gap is for the item materials used, while the positive gap of the item more fixed instead of removable restorations still is unchanged. -3% 5% scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 21 base: 282 cases (whole sample) its interesting to evaluate the different perception among digital technologies users / non users, when considering the most required features from a digital technology provider. the digital technologies users mostly quoted a more convenient price and the need for training and information. on another hand, the non users are rather split between those being not interested and those asking for more training and information, much more than a convenient price. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your practice? 22 processing without don't know (235 cases) (150 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. in comparison to 2015, training and information shows a relevant increase: those items are felt to be more and more important and functional to an effective approach to the digital technologies. a convenient price still is important but to a lesser extent. the percentage of respondents who are not interested in this topic also increased. technologies for production of prosthesis with digital workflow in the practice digital technologies owners do you have the following equipment in your practice? 24 intra-oral scanner to take digital impressions chairside milling unit the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. (282 cases) (201 cases) (282 cases) (201 cases) the penetration of users for both intraoral scanners and chairside milling units is quite stable, as a slight increase can be noted for the intra oral scanners only. digital technologies: equipment numeric distribution - ranking 25 base: 23 cases (intra-oral scanner owners) base: 23 cases (digital technologies owners) intra-oral scanners to take digital impressions chairside milling units only base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) chairside milling units including scanners due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. what is the brand of your scanners/chairside milling units? overall digital technologies: cad-cam consumable materials - ranking what are the brands of the cad-cam consumable materials that you use with your chairside milling, at your practice? chairside milling unit owners 26 base: 13 cases (chairside milling unit owners) due to the lower number of cases, the charts show the ranking of the mentioned brands, without indication of the percentage. digital workflow in the practices digital technology use - breakdown by channel how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 28 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the following chart shows the penetration of the different channels calculated on the whole sample. the partner-lab is the most used channel, with a 41% of users. 5% of providers of digital restorations do have a chairside milling. also, its worth to note the increase in the use of the manufacturer /milling center (16% vs 12% in 2015). since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. (282 cases) (201 cases) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample (282 cases) (201 cases) digital technology use - breakdown by technology how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 29 the following chart shows the penetration of the different technologies calculated on the whole sample. among digital technology users, the most used way to provide digital restorations is to send impressions in full outsourcing to partner-labs or manufacturers / milling centers, with a 41% of users, but a slight increase in the use of the scans can be noted (6% vs 4% in 2015). base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) since practices may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. percentage of surgeries - digital users only percentage of surgeries - whole sample digital technology use - channels and technologies how do you provide digital restorations in your practice? 30 base: 123 cases (digital prosthesis providers) the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different technologies, in comparison to the same technologies and the different channels used.", "type": "Document"}}