{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 52 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 53 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. trust, reliability, and customer orientation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. regarding the items related to the pricing, it seems like if a brand is affordable, this characteristic has a remarkable impact on the recommendation, but when the price rises, it loses its impact and other items affect more the propensity to recommend a brand. items importance average score brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map 54 how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors its interesting to note that customer service oriented and affordable are important items in the definition of the recommendation, but they received lower than average scores, and they are positioned in the key success factors. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis 55 items importance average score how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 3shape correlation analysis shows that the most relevant items are the same of the overall analysis, with a higher importance given to the item leading company, which comes as the fourth most relevant item. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 56 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the correlation analysis map is very similar to the overall one, where customer service oriented and affordable are placed in the critical area for improvement. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 57 items importance average score apart from reliability and trust, the ability to be an innovative and highly reputable brand seems to be important, in the perception of zirkonzahn, for the construction of the recommendation. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 58 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. there is only one item clearly in the critical area: customer service oriented. however, it is worth to note that trustworthy and reliable, the most important items in the construction of the recommendation in zirkonzahn model, are very close to this area. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 59 items importance average score for exocad, the items related to price have less impact on the recommendation, while being a worldwide renown company is the most relevant feature in its recommendation model. however, the correlation analysis shows that several items seem to have a high weight on the recommendation. not significant not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 60 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. highly reputable clearly shows a weak position, given its weight on the recommendation and its slightly lower than average score. also leading company shows low scores, but its weight on the recommendation is lower than the most relevant items. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 61 items importance average score its interesting to note that in dentsply sirona correlation analysis model, a good price quality ratio belongs to the most relevant items in the definition of the recommendation. the fact that even the item affordable is present among the most important ones, leave room to think that the price factor becomes important, in the brand perception of dentsply sirona, for the definition of the recommendation. not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 62 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) as anticipated in the previous slide, two price related items are in the critical area.", "type": "Document"}}