{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "a convenient price still is important but to a lesser extent. also, an increased performance gains importance with respect to the past. 26 588 cases 68 cases 3d printing awareness and use which statement regarding 3d printing in dentistry applies to your laboratory? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 14% of users / ex-users 86% of non-users 27 rather new but rapidly increasing, 3d printing looks to be well know as to be a digital technology available for dentistry as well: only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it (12%). 3d printing seems to be more widely used among younger technicians and big sized labs. most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? base: 441 cases (aware of 3d printing and ex-users) base: 79 cases (3d printing users) for which of the following indications do you use your 3d printer? 28 while the indication for models is the first mentioned one for both users and non-users, its interesting to notice that non-users believe a high use is for surgical guides for implant dentistry (47%), while the users show a much lower use for this indication (26%). also, the current use for temporary crowns & bridges is far lower than predicted by non users (50% non users vs 38% users). most suitable indications for 3d printing overall: 3d printing users vs. aware of 3d printing and ex-users base: 520 cases (aware of 3d printing, ex-users and users) 29 the comparison with 2015 results shows a relevant decrease for temporary crown and bridges, surgical guides for implant dentistry, permanent crowns & bridges and fixed substructures. this phenomenon could be affected by the higher overlap of answers of 2015 (models and splits excluded, since these items were not available in the 2015 list). 77 cases 520 cases 3d printing unit: numeric distribution what is the brand of your 3d printing unit? base: 73 cases (3d printing users) 30 the numeric distribution related to the use of 3d printers shows a relevant share for the brand formlabs, which is the leader by a wide margin, followed by 3d system. main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? please rate them with fully agree, partially agree, neutral, partially disagree, fully disagree. base: 588 cases (whole sample) by analysing the percentage of quotes of the positive scores (partially and fully agree) it is clear that two out of three are the most relevant items, explaining that the respondents expect an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, and a wider range of materials available. mean trend analysis % of agree 31 y. 2018 (agree) y. 2015 (yes) 72% 82% 68% 70% 39% 34% preference about courses to enhance digital knowledge would you rather attend a course to enhance your digital knowledge preferably at your dealer or manufacturer? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 32 almost a half of the interviewees have no preference whether it would be better to attend a course either at the dealer or at the manufacturer. even it doesnt emerge a clear the preference, a slightly higher percentage of respondents would like to attend a course preferably at the manufacturer. less young respondents and smaller sized laboratories show a lower interest towards this topic, while bigger sized laboratories state a higher interest in attending courses, with a higher than average preference for the manufacturer. customized digital cad-design do you / your team take care of digital cad-design or is it a task you leave to the partner laboratory/milling center? base: 252 cases (scanner owners) 33 customized base: 302 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) how much do you spend on cad-design software licenses per year? which payment method do you prefer? base: 246 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) brand awareness brand awareness analysis glossary unaided awareness it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. aided awareness and total awareness the aided awareness represents the awareness level of the brands named by the interviewer. the total awareness is made up of the unaided awareness and by the aided one. the aided awareness shows how many respondents identify the brand once it is quoted, it is an important index in the buying process but, if it is not sustained by a high level of unaided awareness, the company needs more efforts to reach a better commercial effectiveness.", "type": "Document"}}