{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "brazil 2017 cad-cam survey about key-stone 2 key-stone customer in the dental segment: key-stone is one of the major marketing research and strategic consulting companies in the dental industry. the property applications and seamless custom solutions currently connect more than 2.5 billions of dental sells throughout our data management platform and research group, providing encompassing information on the size of markets, brand positioning and end user' consumption. as a global leader, key-stone is able, through a series of market studies, to provide quantitative and qualitative researches through different sources: manufactures panel / distributors and samples for dentists / dental technicians. it covers the most important and attractive market segments in most of the dental fields, such as dental implants, cad-cam, prostheses and restorations. index 3 project's mail goals methodology focus group in-depth interview cati interviews segmentation data the world of cad-cam users potential market for cad-cam buying behavior satisfaction and loyalty analysis loyalty metrics cad-cam world overview brand awareness analysis recommendation to colleagues buying intention cad-cam survey - brazil 4 this project aims to provide to dentsply sirona an overview of the cad-cam market in brazil, specially: part i - scenario analysis and future purchase intention main factors / features of a potential client regarding (business volume, number of dental units, number of procedures, years of experience, etc.) potential market analyses by region purchase intention and behavior analyses cad-cam technology penetration part ii brand analysis brand awareness brand positioning and mapping background project's main goals methodology methodology and glossary methodology 6 focus group in-depth interviews cati interviews cad-cam market methodology in-depth interviews in-depth qualitative interviews were made with a sample of 60 interviewees, users / owners of cad-cam coming from sirona's clients list. each interview lasted about 40 min and the standard qualitative questionnaire was also performed. the dentists were treated as consultants. and the following topics were investigated: topics investigated: cad cam experience and previous contacts brand awareness and positioning buying process methodology cati interviews the main goals of cati interviews were to outline the phenomena met in qualitative steps and to find confirmation of subjects mentioned on the focus groups and in-depth interviews, making possible a statistical analysis of subjects previously raised. 570 interviews were made with dentists, always owners and/or responsible the practice; interviews were performed by telephone between august and october topics approached: sample segmentation brand awareness decision making / purchase brand use and customer's satisfaction brand image buying intention output focus group non users 9 cad cam experience and user profile dentists feel insecure and adverse to the use of cad-cam; there is a lack of familiarity and/or assurance in dressing up (doing the make up) on the prosthesis; they believe that cad-cam may be good for posterior teeth, but they will always need the prosthetic for the anterior ones; they do not believe that cad-cam is revolutionary for prosthesis; they believe that the price of cad-cam is prone to go down in the future; they know only sirona as brand reference; target price of a chairside cad-cam r$ 50 thousand. drivers for the purchase being easier than traditional impressions; perceived economical and working time advantage; having an use test - touching the equipment; knowing the technology better. cad cam experience and user profile dentists experienced increase of the average of restoration from 15/20 to 30/40 per month after the use of cad-cam dentists need to have a technician to help them with cad-cam pieces, because: the technician's labor hour is less expensive than that of the dentist; the quality is better; they do not need to spend so much time out of the chair the dentists showed an entrepreneurial and businessmen profile; dentists understand that making the prostheses internally with cad-cam is less expensive than sending them to the laboratory as a benefit of cad-cam, they understand that the equipment's cost is worthwhile, because the machine pays for itself with the increase in the number of prostheses. they also do believe that the patients' quality improves. in terms of social position and financial availability; output focus group users 10 cad cam experience and user profile sirona is unanimous among dentists as a brand reference; dentists see as an advantage the fact of sirona having a branch in brazil, which makes prices much lower and the proximity with the customer much higher. they also see as an advantage to be able to buy directly from the manufacturer, while for other companies, the purchase is made through a dealer / importer. for those who already had contact with other brands, the technical quality is the same, there is little change in the software design and the convenience of having sirona in brazil makes a great difference. they think they could receive more courses and trainings output focus group users 11 12 glossary confidence level indicates the research credibility level. as an example, a 95% confidence level means that the data acknowledged by the research is secure in 95% of the cases. confidence interval indicates how much the research data deviate from reality. though the research results are representative, they may not perfectly match those that would be obtained if the entire population was considered, each probing has an approximation degree that makes up the research's maximum error. in this case, the confidence interval of +-4% indicates that if data in the research equals 50%, the actual result may vary in +4% or -4%, i.e, it should be considered between 64%(60%+4%) and 56% (60%-4%). calculation basis for contingency data generally, the development presented here is calculated based on the responses of interviewees (usually the charts are blue colored) and indicate the percentage of dentists that achieve a given result. in other cases, certain questions have a quantitative nature (number of fillings, number of chairs, number of patients, etc.) and in this case, the reference base is the total amount in respect to the analyzed subject. (% of fillings, % of chairs, % of patients, etc.), in this case, the charts are usually green colored. other types of sample are indicated separately (e.g., % or average of fillings with amalgam in the full probing or only related to those that used amalgam). types of questions the research was completely developed with close-ended questions, which would result a single answer (therefore, the total of answers with a 100% result) or multiple answers (in this case, the sum of answers above 100% because the interviewee could choose one or more options). questions with multiple responses were indicated by the side of the corresponding chart. research sample 13 the analysis of this study is made up and analyzed by three segmentations of responding dental practices: random sample: responding dental practices resulting from a random database of brazilian practices. owners sample: responding dental practices that have cad-cam equipment (scanner and/or chairside dental milling) rising out of a random database and dentsply sirona clients database plus users of random sample (60+10). total sample: sum of answers of random and owners samples. + 60 users (oversample) region cases % north + center-west region 82 14% northeast region 93 16% southeast region (without so paulo) 127 22% southeast region (with so paulo) 176 31% south region 92 16% total 570 100% the table refers to the number of cases measured by each nielsen area. the north region has a poorer statistical result and, thus, was aggregated to the center-west region. southwest, which represents about 60% of the country's economy, presents a high number of cases, which even allowed to isolate the state of so paulo, in order to evaluate data separately. the sample consists of 570 dental practices stratified by nielsen areas. to correctly represent the brazilian market, the analyzed cases were weighed. the weight was calculated considering the distribution of practices in the brazilian states. segmentation data structural and demographic segmentation 2,1 dental chairs mean: 1995 49 years 2.1 dentists demographic segmentation demographic and structural segmentation 15 base: 570 cases total sample random sample equivalent dentists are the amount of dentists working in a practice. the number was calculated considering dentists who work full-time, summed to the rotating services provider dentists. it is considered that for each 5 services provider dentists there is 1 full time dentist, considering that on average an office has 5 dentists in rotation per week. segmentation parameters 16 random sample social class of patients monthly expenditure on consumable materials mean monthly revenue internal laboratory mean: brl 2,603 mean: brl 19,916 base: 570 cases total sample production / services 17 random sample base: 570 cases total sample mean: 57.6 patients per week number of weekly appointments number of precision impressions mean: 10.7 precision printings per week number of implant surgeries mean: 55.1 implant surgeries in the last year practice management 18 random sample business plan work costs awareness awareness of the cost of treatments and markup base: 570 cases total sample the world of cad-cam technology users sample: 70 users (owners) purchase behavior cad-cam reasons for the purchase of cad-cam equipment in the moment when you decided to invest in a cad-cam equipment, what was the reason that made you buy a cad-cam?", "type": "Document"}}