{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. brand positioning: 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape overall labo 3shape (127 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) 142 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape labo items importance average score not significant not significant 143 the same items present in the overall analysis are those more relevant to 3shape recommendation model. the items related to the pricing have low or no impact on the recommendation. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation 3shape labo 144 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the ability to make the daily practice easier is felt to be an important item whose average score proved to be lower than average, and this is true also for the item trustworthy. dentsply sirona (76 quotes) mean overall brands (652 quotes) brand positioning: dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona overall labo 145 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? denstply sirona items importance average score labo not significant 146 the recommendation for dentsply sirona looks to be slightly different from the overall analysis, as the ability to make the daily practice easier looks to be the most relevant item, along with innovation, in the construction of the recommendation. trustworthy and customer orientation look to be quite relevant too. - items importance + average score + strength points waste/inefficiency indifference critical areas of improvement brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. recommendation denstply sirona labo 147 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map so that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score.", "type": "Document"}}