{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI-DIGITAL_ITA_17_CLI_.pdf", "total_pages": 77, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080739+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "those users may need help from both the manufacturers and the scientific world to ease the path towards a higher familiarity with the digital technologies. future purchase intention intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 23 the practices with better performances declare a higher attitude to the purchase of a cad-cam system: practices spending more than 900 a month (50%); those placing more than 50 implants a year (53%). a higher attitude to purchase the cad-cam technology comes from both the clinics with dentists younger than 55 (38% for dentists younger than 45 and 36% for dentists aged between 45 and 55); and for practices with bigger size, with more than 3 chairs (47%). certainly yes + probably yes 33% random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? excluding practices that already possess cad-cam technologies 24 random sample base: 410 cases non owners the purchase intention is double among those who already uses the full outsourcing, compared to those who do not offer digital work flow prostheses 38% vs 17%. the analysis of the sample stratification allows for a precise profiling of the potential buyers to develop marketing activities on, in order to increase demand generation. intention to buy: intraoral scanner vs. chairside milling unit 25 among those keen to invest in the cad- cam technologies, almost all of them declare their willingness to purchase an intraoral scanner in the next future. in the purchase intention for certainly and probably the difference is huge. in those cases, it is the offer pulling on the demand certainly certainly + probably base: 135 cases potential clients random sample base: 410 cases non owners intention to buy are you willing/interested in buying an intraoral scanner or a cad-cam chairside milling within 2 years? (yes/no) 26 random sample base: 410 cases non owners primary target profile they are basically web respondents (double the intention to buy versus the phone respondents, slightly higher for the chairside milling), subscribers to sector newsletters, rather independent and with not loyal relationships with the dealers. the dentists from the south of italy are those showing the higher interest, where, however, those technologies are less widespread, in particular the chairside milling, with an intention to buy which is double the average. the target focus is between 46 and 55 years old, the younger ones (up to 45) are more oriented to the scanner and the older ones (more than 55) to the chairside milling. with specific regard to the chairside milling, the core target is the practice open for more than 20 years. despite there is a direct correlation between the size and the intention to buy, the big sized practice with at least 3-4 chairs and several consultants is more oriented towards the purchase of a scanner and far less to the chairside milling, which seems to be more interesting to a mid-sized practice with 2-3 chairs, which in the future may recur to the partnership with an internal technician. the specialized practices seem to be more oriented to make the investment (47% specialized practices vs 25% general ones), in specific prosthetics and implant dentistry with more than 50 implants placed a year (52% vs 33% overall average). those interested to the chairside milling do show a lower attitude to the strategic planning, which is contrary to those interested in the scanner. in the imagery of the dentists more oriented to the purchase, the most quoted brands, for those willing to buy a scanner are most of all 3m followed by 3shape (even though sirona is always the first one in the intention to buy), while among those keen to invest in a chairside milling the most quoted brand is sirona. intention to buy: probably/certainly no why you probably/certainly no? why not? main issue the cost random sample base: 269 cases not interested in purchasing intention to buy: probably/certainly yes why you probably/certainly yes? why yes? future vs performance the results indicate two different attitudes towards the purchase, having their roots in two very different system values: one of them has a psychologic origin (emotional) while the other is more objective, linked to the performance. generally, the latter is more present in the life cycle of those products exiting from the launch period and entering into the development one. random sample base: 135 cases interested in purchasing intention to buy: chairside milling and intraoral scanner what scanner/chairside milling brands are you willing to purchase? 29 random sample for both technologies is rather high the weight of dont know, and in the case of the chairside milling, also brands without cad-cam equipment are mentioned. the scanner seems to be a more competitive market with the co-leaders evenly performing in the mental basket for the choice of the equipment. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing chairside milling scanner demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? 30 random sample the spontaneous answers, among them the most quoted ones are affordability and better financial conditions, have been aggregated according to their nature into five areas and considering the responses instead of the respopndents as the base, with the exclusion of dont know and not interested. this data processing allows for further comparison among the different clusters. base: 455 cases total sample demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 31 random sample base: 455 cases total sample very interesting to evaluate the different approach of the respondents via phone versus those responding via web. the latter ones (which show a bigger size) is far less attentive to the economical aspect and more interested to the support and training, other than marketing. from a demographic and structural perspective, the younger respondents show a higher interest in the economical matters, which is also true for those showing a lower than average production performances. its interesting to note as the attitude towards the use of the technologies increases, the interest in the support and marketing increases as well, which a lower importance of the economical aspects. demand for services to support the investment in cad-cam what should a cad-cam technology manufacturer offer to enhance / improve the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your clinic? aggregated basis of response 32 random sample the analysis on the investment attitude, some interesting points emerge, because among those declaring an interest to the purchase, the attention to the economical aspects greatly reduces, while increases that on support and training (65% versus 26% of the rejectors) and a higher demand for assistance in practice from those thinking about a possible purchase (46% vs 18%). this is even more evident among those interested in the purchase of a chairside milling. also, they are more interested in the marketing support (almost double versus the ones interested in the purchase of the scanner only) to foster the demand from the patients. as for the economical matters, those interested in the chairside milling dont ask for a price reduction, but easier financial conditions or pay per use options. base: 135 cases interested in purchasing brand awareness analysis cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? 34 random sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the ability of a brand to represent its own product family, which is shown by the ratio called prominence. a higher prominence value means a higher ability to represent the analysed product family: this in fact is the ratio between the first mentioned brand top of mind and the unaided awareness. the sum of unaided awareness responses represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewees: in this case the sum of percentages is 145%, that means the interviewees have mentioned about 1,5 brands. its interesting to note that about 50% of the interviewees did not mention any brand, which is a clear sign of this market being a rather immature one, almost a niche. sirona is absolute brand awareness leader in this segment. base: 455 cases total sample 0,74 0,50 0,48 0,27 0,48 0,55 0,29 0,33 0,22 0,73 sirona 3shape 3m carestream kavo nobel biocare zirkonzahn planmeca dental wings ivoclar vivadent cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness what manufacturers of digital technologies (scanners, cad-cam, 3d print, etc.) come to your mind? segmentation according to technology orientation 35 random sample base: 455 cases total sample the low brand awareness is a specific feature of cad- cam non-owners and in particular, it belongs to those not even using the full outsourcing methodology. among the owners, the weight of the four top brands increases relevantly. cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness please tell me if you know the following brands? 36 random sample as for the total awareness, the values increase a lot, in particular for the brands with a relevant business also in other product categories. the relevance index (it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the total one) it is important because highlights the brands ability to be recalled spontaneously by the respondents in connection to the category, so is potentially very influential when they need to take a buying decision. the low relevance indexes shows the scarce ability of all brands to be associated to the cad-cam segment. base: 455 cases total sample 36% 13% 11% 8% 2% 1% 93% 47% 79% 58% 75% 21% sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology serie1 serie2 pqi index 0,39 0,28 0,13 0,14 0,03 0,03 sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology random sample base: 455 cases total sample sirona 3shape 3m carestream planmeca align technology relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity of the brand to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence 37 the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously (prominence).", "type": "Document"}}