{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the impulse purchase is higher among those who have higher revenue and who produce less impressions impulse purchases are also common among those who have a business plan and awareness of their costs and revenues. owners sample satisfaction and loyalty analysis cad-cam advantages in the use of intraoral scanner what are the most relevant advantages for you in the use of your intraoral scanner? (open ended question) 27 base: 70 cases scanner owners owners sample among the most mentioned advantages there are quickness and praticality, factors related with the increase of productivity and performance. such factors are followed by precision and quality, factors related with the final result's quality. the results are consistent with expectations and reason why cad-cam equipment was bought (slide51). advantage in the use of the chairside milling unit what are the most relevant advantages for you in the use of your chairside milling unit? (open ended question) 28 base: 65 cases chairside owners the main advantage mentioned is \"increased productivity related to increase productivity and performance. the second advantage mentioned is \"better accuracy of the result\", factor related to the quality of the final result. owners sample loyalty metrics cad-cam satisfaction analysis expresses the overall experience with a brand and up to which point the customers' needs are met. perceived value usefulness and perceived benefits of product compared with the cost paid for such product. advocacy the willingness of an user to recommend a company to colleagues is a key factor for revenue and profit growth in most industries. rebuying intention the probability of an user continuing to use the company's products in a near future. brand advocacy score the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or non-advocate\" for each brand. for each brand overall, bas subtracts the distribution percentage of non-advocates from the distribution percentage of advocates, to show the actual impact of mouth to mouth indication. 30 loyalty metrics general satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value inclination to recommend repurchse intention brand advocacy score advocate extremely likely what is the likelyhood of you recommending the following company brands to a colleague? very likely neutral non- advocate little likely satisfaction analysis: satisfaction level score how would you evaluate your satisfaction with cad-cam products (intraoral scanners and chairside milling unit) of the following companies to several aspects? please, use a 1 to 10 scale, where 1 represents \"completely not satisfied\" and 10 represents \"completely satisfied\". 31 owners sample users (64 cases) mean how important are these items on the construction of the satisfaction? correlation analysis the correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and to measure the influence of independent variables (in this case, current and former users) over the dependent one (in this case, overall satisfaction). it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over satisfaction. therefore, it is possible to retrieve an \"importance hierarchy\" of individual demonstrations and to show them in a chart and, then, in a map. the vertical axis always shows the rating that the different instructions have received, in an average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence over the global satisfaction. thus, we get an \"estimated importance\" of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a little different of that explicitly declared. the analysis of each factor's weigh, and not only the stated importance, allows some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according with the viewpoint with which they are considered: 32 statistical note satisfaction before the whole market: here we can emphasize some prerequisites (each upper right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors serve the market), some key factors to success (lower right corner of the map, where the companies are not always able to satisfy customers regarding strategical matters), and indifference areas (lower left corner), that constitute waste/inefficiency areas when a company decides to invest in such items belonging to the upper left corner of the map, since they are prone to meet the market, but they really do not affect the overall satisfaction. satisfaction regarding a specific company/product: here the scheme is the same, but the strong points are highlighted in the upper right corner of the map, where we can establish the inefficiency or low differentiation when placed in the left side of the map.", "type": "Document"}}