{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or low differentiation if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company. satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map since, they tends to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, each brand positioning item) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single factors and the rating on the recommendation customer satisfaction - correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 76 items satisfaction score items weight on overall satisfaction in the correlation data processing all items proved to be relevant, thus all items are included in the analysis. the reliability and the support and assistance from the company have the highest weight on the overall satisfaction, while the cost of sw updates and the compatibility with other brands seem to have the lowest weight. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis overall 77 (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) not all the most relevant items in the assessment of the overall satisfaction belong to a specific area of service or technical features of the products, but there is a mix of them. its interesting to note, however, that the items more linked to the service area have received lower satisfaction rates, such as technical assistance, company availability and start-up training. in overall, the costs dont seem to be relevant in the assessment of the overall satisfaction. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis 3shape 78 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) as seen in the overall map, the cost areas is not part of the most relevant items affecting the overall satisfaction. moreover, all important items seem to be quite satisfactory to 3shape users. it must be said, however, that some items look to be in a weaker position, such as start- up training, frequency of sw updates and technical assistance in case of repair. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis amann girrbach 79 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) amann girrbach overall satisfaction seems to be affected by several items, being important to its users, but not all of them show a high score. the weakest items are related to the cost area, to the availability and flexibility of the company and the compatibility with other brands. technical assistance and technical support, despite showing very good rates, looks to be less important than other items. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis sirona 80 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the cost of the sw updates looks to be very close to be an issue with sirona customers, as it received very low scores, and it is very close to the region where the importance in the assessment of the overall satisfaction is higher than average. other weak items are technical assistance, company availability and flexibility and business development support. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis dentsply 81 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) in the map for dentsply, the weakest items in the overall satisfaction look to belong to the area of support from the company, such as start-up training, business development support, technical support, but also the frequency of sw updates is felt to be important, while its rating was not so satisfactory. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis zirkonzahn 82 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map for zirkonzahn is quite coherent and almost all important items have received satisfactory ratings. among the weakest ones, can be mentioned start-up training, technical support and technical assistance in case of repair.", "type": "Document"}}