{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the base refers only to the laboratories using the digital workflow to produce milled frameworks. please, see the example on the right. digital technologies in laboratories brands numeric distribution labo scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies has certainly increased its presence among the italian dental labs, and dental wings improved its position too. total scanners (275 cases) scanner only (no milling unit) (198 cases) 89 labo in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 108 cases (milling units owners) 90 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, amann girrbach, zirkonzahn and roland have increased by a wide margin their performance over the last years. labo manufacturer cad-cam systems: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 187 cases (manufacturer users) 91 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as new ancorvis (yet leader in 2015), la struttura, nobil metal and cad dent. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 224 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 92 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo customer experience overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. net promoter score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score 94 how likely are you to recommend the mentioned brand to a colleague? extremely likely somewhat likely extremely unlikely customer experience and loyalty metrics in dental practices clinic overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the overall experience with the mentioned brand. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,2 compared to 2015, the intermediate assessments decrease and the percentage of respondents who declare themselves \"very satisfied\" increases considerably, as the average score. base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) clinic 2015 mean: 7,9 96 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to 6.", "type": "Document"}}