{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve an \"importance hierarchy\" of individual demonstrations and to show them in a chart and, then, in a map. the vertical axis always shows the rating that the different instructions have received, in an average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence over the global recommendation. thus, we get an \"estimated importance\" of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a little different of that explicitly declared. the analysis of each factor's weigh, and not only the stated importance, allows some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according with the viewpoint with which they are considered: 56 statistical grade recommendation before the whole market: here we can emphasize some prerequisites (each upper right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors are before the market), some key factors to success (lower right corner of the map, where the companies are not always able to be recommended regarding strategical matters), and indifference areas (lower left corner), that constitute waste/inefficiency areas when a company decides to invest in such items belonging to the upper left corner of the map, since they are prone to meet the market, but they really do not affect the overall recommendation. recommendation regarding a specific company: here the scheme is the same, but the strong points are highlighted in the upper right corner of the map, where we can establish the inefficiency or low differentiation when placed in the left side of the map. in the lower right corner we can notice an improvement area, where we can meet the weak points of a given company. ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues ranking of hierarchy of importance of items. whole sample 57 in the charts at the side are represented the weight of the items over brand recommendation. the items reliable, makes day-by-day easier and innovative and avant- garde are the items with higher impact in overall recommendation. items related with the price have lower global influence over the recommendation. for those who already have a cad-cam equipment (fundamental opinion), the quality-price relationship results to be less important. weight per item on the recommendation score focus on the mean not significant whole sample (255 quotes) weight on the recommendation items score + + ranking of items - recommendation to colleagues how much worth individual items on recommendation? whole sample vs. sirona users 58 whole sample (255 mentions) in the lower right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much lower score than the average. in the upper right part there are items which are very relevant to overall recommendation but have a much higher score than the average. pillars of brand image construction positioning drivers 59 factorial analysis aims to synthesize data, summarizing information contained in many variables in some synthetical factors. the purpose is to identify an underlying structure to a set of observed variables and to resume this substructure with a reduced number of main variables. whole sample the reduction of factors allows to individuate the main positioning drivers and to make some considerations: product / service: this factor is characterized by components related to the products performance features and a series of elements related to the service. it should be noticed that \"reliable\" is an ambivalent 2-factors item, since it reflects a meaning that is connected either to product reliability or to brand confidence.", "type": "Document"}}