{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "81 21% of those not yet providing cad-cam produced prosthetic elements think they would start doing so within the next year. among the brands considered for purchase there are dental wings, dentaply sirona, bego, zirkonzahn, 3shape e open technologies. intention to buy south and islands (33%) age of the owner >55 (11%) opening year 1999-2018 (36%) the differences below +/- 2% should be considered not statistically relevant. base: 183 cases (not providing digital restorations) intention to buy intention to buy 2015 technology intention to buy: why not are you planning to start providing fixed prosthesis elements produced with digital technologies within the next year? if not, why? 82 base: 144 cases (not willing to provide digital restorations) the most relevant reasons still are related to a low demand for this kind of technology / no need, or because of a too high investment needed. it interesting to notice the change in the weight of the various items in comparison to intention to buy ranking 2015 too expensive 32% i dont need it 28% low demand 24% i prefer the traditional method 10% poor system precision 6% poor familiarity with technologies 4% other 2% dont know / no answer 0% labo digital technologies in laboratories breakdown by technology and channel labo digital technology use: breakdown by channel taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following supply channels? channels 84 base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) percentage of laboratories among those who provide milled frameworks produced with the cad-cam technique, 50% send scans or models to other laboratories (partner-lab), while 49% send scans or models to one or more manufacturers or milling centers (manufacturer). since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. labo digital technology use: breakdown by technology taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies? technologies base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) 85 percentage of laboratories among those who provide milled frameworks produced with the cad-cam technique, 41% use full outsourcing, sending the models to an external milling center (to other partner laboratories or manufacturers), 47% send scans to other laboratories or manufacturers and 26% have a milling unit in the laboratory. since laboratories may use different technologies and channels, the sum of percentages is higher than 100%. labo digital technology use: channels and technologies taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 86 base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those sending their scans in outsourcing, 83% of them address themselves to a manufacturer and 45% of them to a partner lab. for example, those addressing themselves to a manufacturer, in 18% of the cases they also have an in- house milling unit and in 32% of the cases they also address themselves to a partner-lab. percentage of laboratories the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of users of different channels, in comparison to the users of the same channels or technologies. the base refers only to the laboratories using the digital workflow to produce milled frameworks. please, see the example on the right. channels digital technology use: technologies and channels taking into considerations all the elements made with cad-cam systems, what percentage do you use the following technologies or supply channels? technologies and channels 87 percentage of laboratories base: 417 cases (digital restorations providers) for example, among those sending scans in outsourcing, 17% of them also have an in- house milling unit and 11% of them send models in full outsourcing. for example, those sending their models or scans to a partner lab, in 2% of the cases also have an in-house milling unit, in 42% of the cases use a scanner and in 64% of them send models to colleagues. labo technologies the chart allows to evaluate the percentage of use of the different technologies, in comparison to the users of the same technologies or channels. the base refers only to the laboratories using the digital workflow to produce milled frameworks. please, see the example on the right. digital technologies in laboratories brands numeric distribution labo scanners: numeric distribution what is the brand of your scanners, including the one(s) possibly used with your milling unit? the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. open technologies has certainly increased its presence among the italian dental labs, and dental wings improved its position too. total scanners (275 cases) scanner only (no milling unit) (198 cases) 89 labo in-house milling units: numeric distribution what is the brand of your milling unit? base: 108 cases (milling units owners) 90 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as for the milling units, amann girrbach, zirkonzahn and roland have increased by a wide margin their performance over the last years. labo manufacturer cad-cam systems: numeric distribution considering the scans and the models sent to manufacturers / milling centers, what is the name of those manufacturers / milling centers? base: 187 cases (manufacturer users) 91 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. as regards the scans/models sent outside for milling, when comparing the results with the 2015 edition, it is interesting to note the spreading of specialized milling centers, such as new ancorvis (yet leader in 2015), la struttura, nobil metal and cad dent. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo cad-cam frames materials: numeric distribution q: what are the brands of the cad-cam materials (blocks or discs) that you use with your milling unit, at your laboratory? q: considering the scans sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? q: considering the models sent to partner labs, what brands of cad-cam consumable materials do your partner labs use? base: 224 cases (in-house and partner lab users) 92 the numeric distribution is the percentage of clients that mentioned to use a certain brand, or to get delivered by a certain supplier. thats why it is comparable with the coverage index, it is a subjective value, related to the brand or supplier which is named by the clients as their brand or their supplier. processing without \"don't know / no answer\" labo customer experience overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. net promoter score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the nps subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of- mouth referrals. loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score 94 how likely are you to recommend the mentioned brand to a colleague? extremely likely somewhat likely extremely unlikely customer experience and loyalty metrics in dental practices clinic overall satisfaction lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the overall experience with the mentioned brand. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) mean: 8,2 compared to 2015, the intermediate assessments decrease and the percentage of respondents who declare themselves \"very satisfied\" increases considerably, as the average score. base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) clinic 2015 mean: 7,9 96 the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 2015 mean: 6,2 perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) compared to 2015, the percentage of those declaring unsatisfactory quality / price ratio decreases considerably, in favor of the area of high satisfaction, that increases by a few points. mean: 6,6 clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 97 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to 10. 2015 mean: 8,1 repurchase intention score 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) compared to 2015, the risk of non-reuse in the future of the mentioned products increases and, at the same time, the intention to repurchase decreases. mean: 7,5 clinic base: 36 cases - 45 quotes (owners) 98 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores.", "type": "Document"}}