{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: in-lab milling (respondents stating to use an in-lab milling unit at their lab); scanner (respondents stating to use a scanner to send scan files outside for milling); full outsourcing (respondents stating to send outside models for milling). - channel: manufacturer (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 10 base: 722 cases more than half of the sample provide digital restorations. the highest percentage is in spain, while, as it happens among dental practices, the lowest penetration of the digital technologies is in uk. scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 11 base: 722 cases its interesting to note that although uk is the country showing the lowest penetration of the digital restorations, among the users, it shows among the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 12 base: 722 cases the approach of the laboratories is not very different from that of dental practices, as the majority of the respondents state to believe the digital prosthetics will have a relevant role but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future, too. in specific regard to this statement, the percentage (70%) is higher than dental practices (54%). interesting the position of uk, different from the other countries, where a more relevant part of respondents believe that digital technologies will not have a relevant role. clearly the german market, given its weight, influences the overall results, but its interesting to note how the most mature market regarding digital technologies, the german one, believes the new technologies will have a relevant role, nevertheless, the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future anyway. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 13 base: 722 cases there is no difference between digital technologies users and traditional prosthetics providers, while its interesting to note the high percentage, among full outsourcing users, and among partner lab users, regarding the statement that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 14 base: 722 cases there is a relevant difference between dentists and technicians, as the former mostly think that its necessary to get closer to digital technologies because they are the future, while the latter clearly state to be comfortable in using it. much lower the percentage of those feeling uncomfortable with digital technologies.", "type": "Document"}}