{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_CLI_LAB_Executive_Summary_.pdf", "total_pages": 42, "format": "PDF 1.5", "title": "", "author": "OminiVision Digital Europe 2015\t\tKey-Stone property", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae Word 2016", "creationDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20160503074725+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "chart brand positioning, factor analysis - europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 28 the factor analysis allows for a further data processing, where the items related to the recommendation are grouped into factors, thanks to a specific data processing. both factor analyses worked at their best when the output consisted in two factors, whose meaning and names have been the same for both groups. the first factor was nearness and the second one was reputation. even though the driving items are not exactly the same, both analysis may have the same meaning: nearness is the factor driven by items clearly related to the close relationship that a company may show, like customer service, affordability, reliability, while the second factor named reputation is made up of items in close relation to the image and reputation of a brand. chart brand positioning, factor analysis map - europe despite the factor analysis showed the same factors for both groups, the positioning maps had rather different results. the map of the dental practices sample was clearly influenced by the high weight of sirona in the analysis, whose position was in the middle of the map. a bit more scattered the map of the sample made up of dental laboratories. in the analysis on the laboratories, sirona has no central position and its brand image looks not to be related neither to the nearness, nor to the reputation. kavo brand image looks to be almost the same in both analysis, that is, more linked to the nearness and on average with regard to the reputation. other relevant topics worth to be mentioned are the position of dentsply in the analysis on the dental practices, very much related to the nearness, and the position of ivoclar vivadent in the analysis on the laboratories, which seems to be highly related to the reputation, just like zirkonzahn and, to a lesser extent, 3shape. key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 29 equipment use and intention to buy the analysis on digital technologies went deeper with the investigation of the main used brands of this segment. in specific, the investigation took into consideration the brands used for scanning and for milling. chart equipment use: scanners - europe the analysis proved that the penetration of this kind equipment varies widely, according to the sample taken into consideration. the sample of dental practices made up of digital technologies users stated to use an intraoral scanner in 20% of the cases, while the corresponding sample of laboratories stated to use a scanner in 84% of the cases. for the former sample, the penetration of dental scanners related to those laboratories having a scanner for either sending outside scan files (in this case, the percentage is 55%) or to be used with an in-lab milling center. chart equipment use: brand numeric distribution, scanners - europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 30 it is worth to note that only sirona, 3shape and dental wings showed up in both distributions. while sirona was stated as the first one in the sample of dental practices, among laboratories 3shape is the leading company, followed by zirkonzahn and amann girrbach. chart equipment use: milling units - europe the analysis on the penetration of milling units proved to be very similar to what seen for the scanners, although the penetration of milling units in the laboratory market showed a lower percentage than that of the scanners. the percentage of milling unit users among dental practices providing digital restorations was 14%, while among the dental laboratories providing digital restorations was 34%. chart equipment use: brand numeric distribution, milling units- europe key-stone omnivision digital europe 2015_executive_summary - 31 the number of dental practices using a milling unit was rather low, therefore the information should be considered as an indication only. nevertheless, this was enough to highlight sirona dominant position by a relevant margin. the analysis by country saw sirona as the most mentioned brand everywhere and planmeca as the main follower. with regard to the sample of the laboratories, the most quoted brand was amann girrbach, followed by zirkonzahn and sirona. the analysis by country showed rather diverse situations: amann girrbach was the first one only in germany, while sirona was the top brand in italy and the uk. france saw zirkonzahn to be the most relevant one and in spain the first one was roland. additionally, the analysis on the dental laboratories also covered the numeric distribution of the manufacturers/milling centers used to send scan files or models. the most quoted one resulted to be bego, followed by heraeus kulzer, dentsply-atlantis, nobel biocare and caddent. with regard to the numeric distribution by country, its worth to note the presence of some local organizations in italy, spain and france (new ancorvis and la struttura in italy, sineldent in spain and anthogyr in france). given the rather low number of cases, the results should be taken as an indication only.", "type": "Document"}}