{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_SPA_19_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 118, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927083728+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "also, an increased performance gains importance with respect to the past. 26 588 cases 68 cases 3d printing awareness and use which statement regarding 3d printing in dentistry applies to your laboratory? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 14% of users / ex-users 86% of non-users 27 rather new but rapidly increasing, 3d printing looks to be well know as to be a digital technology available for dentistry as well: only a very small portion of the respondents declare not to be aware of it (12%). 3d printing seems to be more widely used among younger technicians and big sized labs. most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? base: 441 cases (aware of 3d printing and ex-users) base: 79 cases (3d printing users) for which of the following indications do you use your 3d printer? 28 while the indication for models is the first mentioned one for both users and non-users, its interesting to notice that non-users believe a high use is for surgical guides for implant dentistry (47%), while the users show a much lower use for this indication (26%). also, the current use for temporary crowns & bridges is far lower than predicted by non users (50% non users vs 38% users). most suitable indications for 3d printing overall: 3d printing users vs. aware of 3d printing and ex-users base: 520 cases (aware of 3d printing, ex-users and users) 29 the comparison with 2015 results shows a relevant decrease for temporary crown and bridges, surgical guides for implant dentistry, permanent crowns & bridges and fixed substructures. this phenomenon could be affected by the higher overlap of answers of 2015 (models and splits excluded, since these items were not available in the 2015 list). 77 cases 520 cases 3d printing unit: numeric distribution what is the brand of your 3d printing unit? base: 73 cases (3d printing users) 30 the numeric distribution related to the use of 3d printers shows a relevant share for the brand formlabs, which is the leader by a wide margin, followed by 3d system. main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing to what extent do you agree on the following statements, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? please rate them with fully agree, partially agree, neutral, partially disagree, fully disagree. base: 588 cases (whole sample) by analysing the percentage of quotes of the positive scores (partially and fully agree) it is clear that two out of three are the most relevant items, explaining that the respondents expect an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, and a wider range of materials available. mean trend analysis % of agree 31 y. 2018 (agree) y. 2015 (yes) 72% 82% 68% 70% 39% 34% preference about courses to enhance digital knowledge would you rather attend a course to enhance your digital knowledge preferably at your dealer or manufacturer? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 32 almost a half of the interviewees have no preference whether it would be better to attend a course either at the dealer or at the manufacturer. even it doesnt emerge a clear the preference, a slightly higher percentage of respondents would like to attend a course preferably at the manufacturer. less young respondents and smaller sized laboratories show a lower interest towards this topic, while bigger sized laboratories state a higher interest in attending courses, with a higher than average preference for the manufacturer. customized digital cad-design do you / your team take care of digital cad-design or is it a task you leave to the partner laboratory/milling center? base: 252 cases (scanner owners) 33 customized base: 302 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) how much do you spend on cad-design software licenses per year? which payment method do you prefer? base: 246 cases (milling unit or scanner owners ) brand awareness brand awareness analysis glossary unaided awareness it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. aided awareness and total awareness the aided awareness represents the awareness level of the brands named by the interviewer. the total awareness is made up of the unaided awareness and by the aided one. the aided awareness shows how many respondents identify the brand once it is quoted, it is an important index in the buying process but, if it is not sustained by a high level of unaided awareness, the company needs more efforts to reach a better commercial effectiveness. top of mind it is the first brand, named by the interviewee, related to a certain product family. it is the closest indicator to the intention to buy or to the current use of the products and it is strictly linked to the brand value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of knowledge quality and it estimates the brand capability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless its overall awareness. relevance index it is the relationship between unaided awareness and the aided one. it defines the brand capability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. 35 digital equipment brands: unaided awareness thinking about the equipment to produce restorations/prosthesis with digital workflow (such as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.), what brands come to your mind? base: 588 cases (whole sample) 36 the comparison between the \"unaided awareness\" and the \"top of mind\", highlights relevant differences in the prominence index: a higher index value indicates the brand's ability to represent a product family. example: 3shape is known by 14% of the respondents as a brand and 55% of those who know this brand have mentioned it as the first one. trend analysis digital equipment brands: unaided awareness 37 spontaneous awareness (unaided): it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. top of mind: it represents the number of times a certain brand was mentioned as the first one by a respondent. due to the reduced number of cases of year 2015, this comparison is meant to be taken as an indication only. 3shape shows a reduced awareness level, but still is the leading brand. dentsply sirona resulted to be less mentioned as well, while 3m moves at the bottom of the ranking. besides, new competitors are growing, such as exocad, zirkonzahn and roland. unaided awareness top of mind overlap index: 1,59 1,31 (588 cases) (39 cases) digital equipment brands: unaided awareness vs. prominence index map thinking about the equipment to produce restorations/prosthesis with digital workflow (such as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.), what brands come to your mind? high quantity of awareness with less immediate association to the product category high quantity of awareness with high immediate association to the product category the map puts into relation the quantitative data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index meaning the brand attitude to be promptly associated to the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above the average unaided awareness and a higher ability to be immediately associated to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment, followed by exocad. other brands like zirkonzahn and ivoclar vivadent show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. 38 unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 39 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego show a high percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 40 the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of brands like zirkonzahn, dentsply sirona and 3shape, which show a very high total awareness in the digital segment. - total awareness digital + relevance + digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. relevance map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). base: 588 cases (whole sample) 41 the map showing the total awareness and the relevance highlights that 3shape, while not having the highest total awareness value, is the brand showing the highest ratio between the total digital awareness and the unaided awareness. zirkonzahn and dentsply sirona show a higher total awareness value, but less frequently are mentioned in a spontaneous way. other cad-cam specific brands such as roland and open technologies, while being less known, show higher values of relevance. digital equipment brands: total awareness vs. total awareness digital map for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 588 cases (whole sample) 42 the map shows on the vertical axis the total awareness generally speaking, not strictly related to the digital segment, while on the horizontal one there is the ratio between the total awareness broadly speaking and the total awareness focused on the digital segment. the results show some brands whose total awareness in the digital segment has a high weight on their total awareness broadly speaking. this is true for those brand traditionally related to the digital world (right portion of the map), like zirzonzahn and 3shape. for other ones, such as kavo, ivoclar vivadent and bego, the incidence of the total awareness in the digital segment is lower than average. - total awareness + incidence total awareness digital on total awareness + brand positioning items score brand positioning: overall brands with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 44 the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. in overall, reliability and reputation received the highest scores. it is worth to underline how the items related to the pricing seemed to be less relevant to the mentioned brands. overall brands (666 quotes) mean 4,2 4,2 4,0 4,2 4,0 4,0 3,9 3,9 4,1 3,8 3,5 3,4 2018 2015 brand positioning: overall brands vs. 3shape with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 3shape (44 quotes) 3shape overall 45 mean overall brands (666 quotes) brand positioning: overall brands vs. zirkonzahn with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. zirkonzahn (42 quotes) 46 overall brands (666 quotes) mean zirkonzahn overall brand positioning: overall brands vs. exocad with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. exocad (38 quotes) exocad overall 47 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. dentsply sirona with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. dentsply sirona (30 quotes) dentsply sirona overall 48 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: overall brands vs. ivoclar vivadent with regard to the brands that im going to read, could you tell me please what is your opinion about the following statements? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) ivoclar vivadent overall 49 overall brands (666 quotes) mean brand positioning: focus on totally relevant - difference from mean 3shape (44 quotes) overall (666 quotes) zirkonzahn (42 quotes) exocad (38 quotes) 50 dentsply sirona (30 quotes) ivoclar vivadent (28 quotes) focus on recommendation bivariate correlation analysis bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, current and former users) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single items and the rating on the recommendation. therefore, it is possible to retrieve a hierarchy of importance from the individual statements and to display them in a chart, and then on a map. the vertical axis always shows the scores that the different items have received, on average, while the horizontal axis shows their influence on the recommendation. in this way, its obtained an estimated importance of each item proposed to the interviewees, which results a bit different from the one explicitly stated. the analysis of the weight of each of the factors, and not only of the declared importance, allows for some interesting considerations. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: statistical note recommendation related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors perform positively), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to meet the expectations with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map, since they show a lower weight on the recommendation. recommendation related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or indifference if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company (higher than average item weight on the recommendation but lower than average item score). 52 brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands 53 the charts show the weight that the items evaluated have on the propensity to recommend a given brand, and on the right, their individual score. trust, reliability, and customer orientation are the items showing the highest correlation with the recommendation. regarding the items related to the pricing, it seems like if a brand is affordable, this characteristic has a remarkable impact on the recommendation, but when the price rises, it loses its impact and other items affect more the propensity to recommend a brand. items importance average score brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map 54 how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? overall brands the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. this map shows the items evaluated in overall and serves as a reference for the comparison with the performance of each brand. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) prerequisites waste/inefficiency indifference key success factors its interesting to note that customer service oriented and affordable are important items in the definition of the recommendation, but they received lower than average scores, and they are positioned in the key success factors. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis 55 items importance average score how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 3shape correlation analysis shows that the most relevant items are the same of the overall analysis, with a higher importance given to the item leading company, which comes as the fourth most relevant item. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? 3shape 56 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the correlation analysis map is very similar to the overall one, where customer service oriented and affordable are placed in the critical area for improvement. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 57 items importance average score apart from reliability and trust, the ability to be an innovative and highly reputable brand seems to be important, in the perception of zirkonzahn, for the construction of the recommendation. not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? zirkonzahn 58 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. there is only one item clearly in the critical area: customer service oriented. however, it is worth to note that trustworthy and reliable, the most important items in the construction of the recommendation in zirkonzahn model, are very close to this area. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 59 items importance average score for exocad, the items related to price have less impact on the recommendation, while being a worldwide renown company is the most relevant feature in its recommendation model. however, the correlation analysis shows that several items seem to have a high weight on the recommendation. not significant not significant (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? exocad 60 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. highly reputable clearly shows a weak position, given its weight on the recommendation and its slightly lower than average score. also leading company shows low scores, but its weight on the recommendation is lower than the most relevant items. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 61 items importance average score its interesting to note that in dentsply sirona correlation analysis model, a good price quality ratio belongs to the most relevant items in the definition of the recommendation. the fact that even the item affordable is present among the most important ones, leave room to think that the price factor becomes important, in the brand perception of dentsply sirona, for the definition of the recommendation. not significant brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? dentsply sirona 62 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical area for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) as anticipated in the previous slide, two price related items are in the critical area. the third one is customer service oriented. brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 63 items importance average score not significant ivoclar vivadent correlation analysis shows that the most relevant items are the same of the overall analysis. (low) items score (high) waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas for improvement (low) weight on recommendation (high) brand image vs. recommendation: correlation analysis map how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? ivoclar vivadent 64 the map is the visual result of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical axis is the average score of each item. the items are arranged on the map in a way as that at the top right are the items that are very important to the recommendation and that received a high score. at the bottom right there are the items very relevant to the recommendation but with a lower than average score. the map shows that almost all most relevant items are placed in the critical area.", "type": "Document"}}