{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "the number of dental laboratories the fast track analysis business its quite clear how relevant is the weight of germany in the dental lab market and in this research. please, refer to the next slide for the details of the weighting process. introduction - sample composition 2/2 7 country weighted cases % germany 366 51% france 98 14% italy 139 19% spain 77 11% united kingdom 42 6% total 722 100% the number of interviews conducted in each country were about 150 as shown here on the right (a). the average weight of the surveyed countries regarding 2 parameters: number of dental laboratories and business collected from a panel of major manufacturers in europe for the consumable market (the fast track analysis europe) is shown at (b). the overall results (only the overall ones) must be representative of the total universe (all countries investigated) which the sample refers to, as if we were to interview the whole universe. if we assume that the parameters considered (number of laboratories and fast track business) are a reliable indication of the weight of a given country, we need to make sure that each countrys sample weights as much as the parameters indicated for that country, out of the total (number of laboratories and fast track business) evaluated countries. in this case, since the natural weight of the interviews in each country is different from the weight of the parameters considered, we have to apply a multiplying factor (it can be more or less than 1) to the number of performed interviews in each country, so that, only for the overall results, the weighted interviews are consistent with the parameters used. the resulting number of weighted interviews is then shown at (c). it is important to underline that the weights are applied only when the overall results are considered. the charts showing the data of the single countries, are always referred to the actual interviews performed (a). (a) (b) (c) country laboratories fast track % (avg) germany 18.300 51% 51% france 3.800 17% 14% italy 7.680 17% 19% spain 4.200 10% 11% united kingdom 2.100 6% 6% total 36.080 100% 100% country cases % germany 150 21% france 148 20% italy 152 21% spain 152 21% united kingdom 120 17% total 722 100% introduction - breakdown by socio demographic clusters 8 base: 722 cases mean: 47 81,3 scenario note the scenario analysis will be carried out considering the overall sample and some clusters. country: the data are split by each investigated country. digital restoration provider: the data are split by different profiles, as follows. - digital restorations provider: yes / no. yes: all respondents stating to use digital technologies to provide restorations to their clients (even in full outsourcing). - technology: in-lab milling (respondents stating to use an in-lab milling unit at their lab); scanner (respondents stating to use a scanner to send scan files outside for milling); full outsourcing (respondents stating to send outside models for milling). - channel: manufacturer (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a manufacturer/milling center); partner lab (respondents stating to send models and or scan files to a partner lab). scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 10 base: 722 cases more than half of the sample provide digital restorations. the highest percentage is in spain, while, as it happens among dental practices, the lowest penetration of the digital technologies is in uk. scenario: use of digital technologies in dental laboratories do you provide your customers with indirect restorations performed with digital technologies? 11 base: 722 cases its interesting to note that although uk is the country showing the lowest penetration of the digital restorations, among the users, it shows among the highest percentages of regular use of it. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 12 base: 722 cases the approach of the laboratories is not very different from that of dental practices, as the majority of the respondents state to believe the digital prosthetics will have a relevant role but the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future, too. in specific regard to this statement, the percentage (70%) is higher than dental practices (54%). interesting the position of uk, different from the other countries, where a more relevant part of respondents believe that digital technologies will not have a relevant role. clearly the german market, given its weight, influences the overall results, but its interesting to note how the most mature market regarding digital technologies, the german one, believes the new technologies will have a relevant role, nevertheless, the traditional prosthetics will be relevant in the future anyway. scenario: role of digital technologies on prosthetics in the future how do you feel the new digital technologies (cad-cam and 3d printing) will affect the way the prosthetics is carried out in your country? 13 base: 722 cases there is no difference between digital technologies users and traditional prosthetics providers, while its interesting to note the high percentage, among full outsourcing users, and among partner lab users, regarding the statement that digital technologies will replace most of the traditional prosthetics. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 14 base: 722 cases there is a relevant difference between dentists and technicians, as the former mostly think that its necessary to get closer to digital technologies because they are the future, while the latter clearly state to be comfortable in using it. much lower the percentage of those feeling uncomfortable with digital technologies. germany stands out with its positive stance versus the digital technologies. the majority of french respondents is getting closer to the digital technologies, typical of the development phase of a new market. it looks like an area of resistance is present, made up of those using the digital technologies because they need, but feeling uncomfortable about that. it is the minority, but it must be added to the more relevant share of those clearly feeling uncomfortable with digital technologies. scenario: stance versus digital technologies what is your stance versus the digital technologies? 15 base: 722 cases among laboratories is more evident the difference in the stance versus digital technologies, between those using it already and the rest of the sample, not providing digital technologies at all. the difference is more evident when considering the comparison between full outsourcing users and other digital restorations providers. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 16 base: 722 cases in overall, the majority of respondents think that - as it happens among dentists - that the cooperation will get tighter, due to the expertise of the technicians. slightly higher than the sample of dental practices is the percentage of respondents stating there will not be any change at all: the higher one is from spain, italy and france. again, the stance of german respondents is quite different from the other countries, where a higher share of respondents believe that the dentists will need to get more expert about prosthetics. scenario: role of dentists and technicians in the future how do you think dentists and technicians role will change with the new digital technologies? 17 base: 722 cases interestingly, the highest percentage of statements about the fact that the dentists will replace part of the technicians activity, come from those not involved in digital prosthetics and, among those providing digital restorations, from those doing this in full outsourcing. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 18 base: 722 cases just like it happened with the dentists sample, the majority of respondents think that most of all the relationship with the industry will become tighter, due to the increased demand for case specific products and services. this is mostly true for germany and spain. uk is different from the other countries, as the most quoted answer is the relationship between dentists and technicians will become tighter. scenario: change in the relationship among dentists, technicians, industry how do you think the relationship between dentists and technicians and the industry will change with the new digital technologies? 19 base: 722 cases there is no relevant difference in the answers of the different profiles, safe for full outsourcing providers, whose feeling about an increased cooperation between dentists and technicians is higher. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? 20 base: 722 cases a provider will clearly need to give support to the users of the digital technology, in terms of training and information, and convenience. about 7% of respondents look for improved performances and another small portion of respondents quoted customer service which is again related to the support that should be provided by the manufacturers. scenario: required features from digital technology providers what should your digital technology provider offer you, to improve and enhance the way you perform restorations and prosthetics in your laboratory? 21 training and information is the most quoted answer in uk and spain, while convenience is the first one in all other countries. total de fr it convenience 43% convenience 49% convenience 33% convenience 34% training and information 28% training and information 27% not interested 26% not interested 26% not interested 24% not interested 26% improve performances 19% training and information 25% improve performances 7% innovation 2% training and information 14% improve performances 11% innovation 3% improve performances 1% innovation 6% innovation 3% customer service 2% customer service 1% customer service 5% customer service 3% other 2% other 2% other 5% other 1% don't know 13% don't know 0% don't know 29% don't know 35% total 722 total 366 total 98 total 139 total sp uk convenience 43% training and information 38% training and information 48% training and information 28% convenience 35% convenience 39% not interested 24% not interested 16% improve performances 25% improve performances 7% improve performances 5% not interested 1% innovation 3% innovation 1% innovation 9% customer service 2% customer service 1% customer service 0% other 2% other 5% other 0% don't know 13% don't know 14% don't know 10% total 722 total 77 total 42 scenario: 3d printing awareness are you aware of the 3d printing technology? are you aware of the availability of 3d printing technology in dentistry as well? 22 base: 722 cases 3d printing in general 3d printing in dentistry 3d printing awareness generally is higher among technicians than among dentists, and again the lowest grade of awareness about the availability of 3d printing in dentistry is from uk, like it happened in the sample of dentists. scenario: most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? 23 base: 722 cases differently from what seen in the investigation among dental practices, the most quoted procedure is surgical guides, then, crown & bridges and impression trays. scenario: most suitable indications for 3d printing which of the following indications do you think that 3d printing will be best suitable for? 24 total de fr it surgical guides for implant dentistry 53% surgical guides for implant dentistry 43% surgical guides for implant dentistry 73% surgical guides for implant dentistry 66% temporary crowns and bridges 51% temporary crowns and bridges 43% temporary crowns and bridges 62% temporary crowns and bridges 50% permanent crowns and bridges 42% permanent crowns and bridges 41% impression trays 54% impression trays 44% impression trays 36% orthodontics 33% permanent crowns and bridges 45% orthodontics 41% orthodontics 36% impression trays 29% mobile dentures 45% fixed substructures 36% mobile dentures 29% mobile dentures 27% fixed substructures 44% permanent crowns and bridges 29% fixed substructures 27% fixed substructures 11% orthodontics 36% mobile dentures 20% dont know 9% dont know 7% dont know 8% dont know 11% total 722 total 366 total 98 total 139 total sp uk surgical guides for implant dentistry 53% temporary crowns and bridges 63% temporary crowns and bridges 66% temporary crowns and bridges 51% surgical guides for implant dentistry 63% permanent crowns and bridges 66% permanent crowns and bridges 42% fixed substructures 60% orthodontics 45% impression trays 36% permanent crowns and bridges 55% impression trays 43% orthodontics 36% orthodontics 38% mobile dentures 42% mobile dentures 29% impression trays 28% fixed substructures 41% fixed substructures 27% mobile dentures 25% surgical guides for implant dentistry 32% dont know 9% dont know 15% dont know 3% total 722 total 77 total 42 surgical guides is the first quoted indication in almost all countries but spain and uk, where the most quoted one is temporary crown & bridges. scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer) 25 base: 722 cases according to the opinion of the respondents the main consequence brought by 3d printing is related to the wider range of materials available. this is by far the most quoted one with 88% of yes, higher than the sample of dental practices. the least mentioned possible consequence brought by 3d printing is a reduction in the costs of the restorations, which received only 45% of positive responses, not so far from the results of the clinical sample (40%). it will be interesting to evaluate in the following slides, option by option, the different behaviour in the evaluated countries. a) the kind of materials and procedures produced digitally will broaden (kind of materials will broaden) b) the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow will increase (efficiency/flexibility will increase) c) the costs of the restorations will decrease because of the lower price of the materials used compared to the cad- cam blocks (costs of restorations will decrease) scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the kind of materials and procedures produced digitally will broaden) 26 base: 722 cases there is no particular difference in the behaviour by country, with the exception of uk, where almost all respondents agreed on yes regarding the statement under analysis. spain is the country showing the lowest percentage of yes, but also the highest percentage of respondents undecided (13%). scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow will increase) 27 base: 722 cases in comparison to the overall mean (73%) believing that 3d printing could bring an increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow, the italian respondents seem to be the most skeptical ones, with only 38% of positive responses. german respondents look to be the most positive ones about this topic. scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? (multiple answer - analysis on: the costs of the restorations will decrease because of the lower price of the materials used compared to the cad-cam blocks) 28 base: 722 cases the whole sample seems to be not particularly convinced that 3d printing will bring a reduction in the costs of the consumable materials, as the overall average of positive responses is 45% only. uk looks to be the most positive country, with 58% of yes, while the least positive one looks to be france, with 33%. spain is very close to france, with 34% of yes. scenario: main consequences in dentistry brought by 3d printing which of the following statements do you agree on, with regard to the main consequences that 3d printing will bring to the dentistry? focus on yes answers 29 base: 722 cases the answers yes belonging to all 3 possible options were summed up. the charts shown in this slide resumes the weight that the yes responses of each option has out of the total yes answers from all three options. the charts highlight that the consequence indicated to be the most probable one is the possibility that the kind of materials and procedures will broaden, with a weight of 43%. the highest weight comes from italy (50%), while the lowest one is from germany (40%), which, on the contrary, shows the highest percentage of quotes related to the increase in the efficiency and flexibility of the workflow (39% vs 35% overall). brand awareness brand awareness: unaided what manufacturers of the new digital technology world (as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.) come to your mind? 31 among laboratories 3shape is the leader in awareness, followed by sirona and 3m. it is worth to mention the presence of nobel biocare as dental implant company but deeply focused on digital restorations, and ivoclar vivadent. spontaneous awareness (unaided): it represents the entire group of brands of a certain product family, recalled by the interviewed sample. within the boundaries of spontaneous awareness, the consumer reasonably decides to make a purchase. base: 722 cases brand awareness: unaided what manufacturers of the new digital technology world (as scanners, cad-cam, 3d printing, etc.) come to your mind? 32 3shape leadership in brand awareness is in all investigated countries with the only exception of uk, where 3m is the first mentioned brand. its interesting to note the very good awareness level of bego in germany, along with other local brands. brand positioning brand positioning: overall brands in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 34 base: 617 quotes processing without don't know high reputation received, together with other items, the highest average score. other important items are reliability, trustworthy and innovative. the lowest scores come from affordable, too expensive and good price/quality ratio. as if the image of the brand in the digital world are is not associated with price related topics. note the 5 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not relevant: the scores grouped in this cluster are totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral. the other clusters quite relevant and totally relevant are related to the original answers without any grouping. brand positioning: 3shape, sirona-cerec, 3m in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 35 base: 133 quotes 3shape sirona-cerec 3m processing without don't know base: 57 quotes base: 42 quotes brand positioning: zirkonzahn, kavo, bego in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 36 zirkonzahn kavo bego processing without don't know base: 45 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 32 quotes brand positioning: amann girrbach, dental wings, ivoclar vivadent in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? please rate them with totally irrelevant, partially irrelevant, neutral, quite relevant, totally relevant. 37 processing without don't know base: 30 quotes base: 24 quotes base: 25 quotes amann girrbach dental wings ivoclar vivadent other base: 165 quotes brand positioning: overall in your opinion, how do the brands that i am going to read out to you rate in the following areas? 38 + mean score 3shape doesnt show any specific topic different from the rest of investigated companies, mostly because given the high number of quotes received, its performance affect the overall results and is rather close to the mean values. other companies worth to be mentioned are bego, higher than average in trustworthy, but far below for too expensive, and sirona, whose performance with specific regard to affordability and customer service oriented, is not on par with the other brands. zirkonzahn shows higher scores for recommendation and innovation, while amann girrbach is higher than average in good price quality ratio. base: 133 quotes base: 57 quotes base: 42 quotes base: 45 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 30 quotes base: 24 quotes base: 25 quotes base: 165 quotes in the analysis of the following slides the weight of the single items on the recommendation will be investigated, by mean of the correlation analysis. brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis 39 items score items weight on recommendation with the bivariate correlation analysis we try to understand how much the factors seen in the factor analysis influence the recommendation, by analysing the different weight that the single items composing the factors have on the recommendation. in the chart on the left the weight of each item on the recommendation is represented, while in he chart on the right there is the score that each item has achieved in overall. bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, each brand positioning item) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single factors and the rating on the recommendation how much are worth the single items on the recommendation? brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis ranking 40 focus on weight on recommendation when the analysis is performed on the ranking based on the weight that the different items have on the recommendation of the main brands, its interesting to note how not all items are relevant to all brands. the light grey coloured items are not relevant to the recommendation and its interesting to see that some brands show some items to be not relevant. this is the case of zirkonzahn, dental wings and ivoclar vivadent. the first four items, generally speaking, are the most important ones, with some brands showing exceptions, like 3m, where among the most important items affecting the recommendation are leading company and good price quality ratio; kavo where items like customer service oriented and good price quality ratio are important. amann girrbach also show some differences: the most relevant items are reliable and customer service oriented. overall ranking 3shape sirona 3m zirkon zahn kavo bego amann girrbach dental wings ivoclar vivadent other makes daily practice easier 1 1 1 5 3 10 5 6 6 8 2 trustworthy 2 4 2 9 2 1 1 3 9 7 4 innovative and at the forefront 3 2 4 8 4 7 9 9 2 5 3 highly reputable 4 3 3 2 1 2 2 4 1 3 7 customer service oriented 5 7 8 6 7 3 6 2 3 2 1 reliable 6 5 5 7 8 9 3 1 5 4 5 good price quality ratio 7 8 6 1 10 4 10 8 10 1 6 leading company 8 9 10 3 5 5 7 5 8 9 9 worldwide renowned 9 6 9 4 9 6 8 7 4 11 10 affordable 10 10 7 10 6 8 4 10 7 6 8 too expensive 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 10 11 brand image vs recommendation - correlation analysis map 41 the map is the visual results of the two different charts seen in the previous slide. on the horizontal axis there is the weight on the recommendation of each item, and on the vertical one theres the rating of each item. considering rather new and immature markets, its not rare to see the items related to the pricing in general not to be relevant in the recommendation process. (low) weight on recommendation (high) (low) items score (high) the items on the upper right side of the map, very close one to each other, will be further investigated on the factor analysis, which allow an in-depth analysis on a reduced number of variables and a more qualitative interpretation. brand positioning: factor analysis 42 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 2 main drivers, nearness vs. reputation. they are very relevant in order to achieve a positioning analysis. this kind of analysis, has a relevant advantage: the here defined set of 2 drivers allows to design a positioning map, explained by the following slide. factor 1 (nearness) it is driven by items like good price quality ratio, affordability, customer service oriented, clearly related to the nearness, whose concept is reinforced by trustworthy, makes daily practice easier and reliable. factor 2 (reputation) it is driven by items clearly related to the reputation, such as worldwide renowned and highly reputable on top of all. too expensive may be part of the reputation as brand with high reputation are often seen as more expensive than the average, but, although the item belongs to this area, its not as strong as shown in the analysis on dental practices. factor analysis its goal is to reduce the information contained in several variables by synthesizing a few factors. it aims to identify a substructure underlying a group of variables, and resume this substructure with a reduced number of latent variables. thanks to the factor analysis, some positioning drivers can be identified, that, as a matter of fact, represent the brand image analysed. two factors nearness reputation good price quality ratio 0,754 affordable 0,738 customer service oriented 0,647 trustworthy 0,598 makes daily practice easier 0,595 reliable 0,581 worldwide renowned 0,793 highly reputable 0,707 leading company 0,698 innovative and at the forefront 0,653 too expensive 0,047 the regression analysis performed on the mentioned factors highlighted an almost equal weight of both factors, with some slight differences as the different brands are considered. brand positioning: positioning map 1 the map is an actual brand positioning one, as it shows how the different brands are seen, with regard to the factors identified, by the respondents. 43 according to the results shown on the map, there are some brands whose image is more related than other to the reputation. this is the case of 3shape, zirkonzahn and ivoclar vivadent, whose position is on the upper side of the map, where the reputation factor is more relevant. the image of bego and kavo is more linked than others to the nearness. it is worth to highlight the position of zirkonzahn as its image seems to be linked to both factors, the reputation and the nearness, while sirona image looks to be not linked to the nearness. less relevant nearness more relevant less relevant reputation more relevant brand positioning: positioning map 2 - demographic analysis this map analyses where some different profiles are positioned, if closer to the nearness concept having an influence on the recommendation, or if the driving factor is the reputation. 44 the fact that some different profiles are closer than other (e.g.", "type": "Document"}}