{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_EU_15_LAB_.pdf", "total_pages": 90, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Layout titolo", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926192713+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "technology intention to buy are you willing to start using digital technologies within 2 years? 59 base: 311 cases the fact that germany can be considered a more mature market can also be seen from this slide, where the respondents not providing digital restorations are not willing to start in the near future. with regard to the other countries, there are no particular differences in the intention to buy, except for a higher percentage of no in spain. technology intention to buy: why not are you willing to start using digital technology within 2 years? why not? 60 base: 256 cases the lack of need and the preference for the traditional method are the most important quotes. certainly the pricing still is rationally felt to be a barrier on entry, but most of the respondents feel either theres no need or the traditional method will work as well. technology intention to buy: why not are you willing to start using digital technology within 2 years? why not? 61 while i dont need it was quoted as the main reason in all countries, italy differentiates from this situation, as the most important barrier is felt to be the expensiveness. i prefer the traditional method is mostly quoted in germany and france. in overall, the ranking of the reasons why not, is rather even through all investigated countries. total de fr it i don't need it 51% i don't need it 64% i don't need it 42% too expensive 32% i prefer the tradional method 19% i prefer the tradional method 24% too expensive 25% i don't need it 28% too expensive 15% low demand 9% i prefer the tradional method 19% low demand 24% low demand 13% too expensive 2% low demand 10% i prefer the tradional method 10% poor system precision 2% poor system precision 6% poor system precision 6% poor familiarity with technologies 1% i have other priority 2% poor familiarity with technologies 4% i have other priority 0% other 2% other 2% other 2% other 2% don't know 0% don't know 0% don't know 0% don't know 0% total 256 total 134 total 32 total 46 total sp uk i don't need it 51% i don't need it 45% i don't need it 45% i prefer the tradional method 19% too expensive 27% too expensive 27% too expensive 15% low demand 17% low demand 17% low demand 13% i prefer the tradional method 10% i prefer the tradional method 10% poor system precision 2% poor system precision 5% poor system precision 5% poor familiarity with technologies 1% other 2% other 2% other 0% don't know 0% don't know 2% don't know 0% total 256 total 21 total 23 customer experience and loyalty metrics overall satisfaction the overall experience with a company and the extent to which their needs are met. perceived value the utility and benefit of a product relative to the cost paid for that product. advocacy a users willingness to recommend a company to colleagues is a key driver of revenue and profit growth in most industries. repurchase intention the likelihood a user will continue to use a companys products in the near future. brand advocacy score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the bas subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of-mouth referrals. 63 loyalty metrics overall satisfaction loyalty metrics perceived value likelihood to recommend repurchase intention detractors neutrals advocates brand advocacy score satisfaction: overall rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 64 base: 435 quotes processing without don't know most satisfactory items were the accuracy and quality of the restorations and the reliability, while the least ones were the cost of sw updates and the overall running costs. note the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the items and the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: not satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to rather satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to very satisfied: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to satisfaction: 3shape, amann girrbach, sirona rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 65 base: 113 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 33 quotes 3shape amann girrbach sirona processing without don't know satisfaction: dentsply, zirkonzahn, dental wings rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 66 base: 32 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 27 quotes dentsply zirkonzahn dental wings processing without don't know satisfaction: 3m, others rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 67 base: 22 quotes base: 145 quotes 3m other 7,9 8,1 7,6 7,8 7,6 7,6 7,9 7,5 7,0 7,1 7,2 7,1 7,4 7,8 processing without don't know satisfaction rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 68 base: 435 quotes overall base: 113 quotes 3shape base: 34 quotes amann girrbach base: 33 quotes sirona difference from mean completely satisfied focus on completely satisfied in comparison with the mean of the score completely satisfied, sirona seems to perform better than average for reliability, accuracy and wide range of materials, while seems to perform below average concerning assistance, flexibility and ease of use. satisfaction rate your satisfaction with the following cad-cam companies. please use a scale where 1 represents completely not satisfied and 10 represents completely satisfied. 69 difference from mean completely satisfied focus on completely satisfied base: 32 quotes dentsply base: 32 quotes zirkonzahn base: 27 quotes dental wings base: 22 quotes 3m base: 145 quotes others perceived value to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam products of the following manufacturers are worth their purchasing price? please use a scale where 1 represents strongly disagree and 10 represents strongly agree. 70 base: 460 quotes base: 116 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 33 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 29 quotes base: 22 quotes base: 150 quotes 7,2 7,3 8,1 6,5 7,2 8,3 6,9 6,1 7,2 amann girrbach and zirkonzahn show a relevant difference from the rest of the investigated brands, as their scores are the only ones above note the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to recommendation: brand avocacy score how likely are you to recommend the following cad-cam companies to a colleague? please use a scale where 1 represents extremely unlikely and 10 represents extremely likely. 71 base: 417 quotes base: 111 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 33 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 26 quotes base: 22 quotes base: 142 quotes processing without don't know the bas is particularly high for zirkonzahn, amann girrbach and 3shape, while it is low for dentsply and 3m. brand advocacy score respondents are categorized as either advocates, neutrals, or detractors of each brand. for each brand overall, the bas subtracts the percent share of detractors from the percent share of advocates, to show net impact on word-of-mouth referrals. its interesting to note the rather high number of neutrals, while, in the case of sirona and kavo, the portion of advocates is as much as the one of detractors. note the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: detractor: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to neutral: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to advocate: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to repurchase intention 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the following cad-cam companies products? please use a scale where 1 represents definitely will not be using and 10 represents definitely will be using. 72 base: 399 quotes base: 109 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 29 quotes base: 28 quotes base: 31 quotes base: 19 quotes base: 21 quotes base: 124 quotes processing without don't know 3shape and zirkonzahn again have higher than average scores concerning the repurchase intention and they show the highest percentages of low risk among their clients. note the 10 possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 4 to low risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to the defection risk derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk that in the future the product will not be used anymore. lower scores in the repurchase intention bear a higher defection risk, while higher scores mean that a current customer will probably still be using that product also in the future. loyalty metrics compared satisfaction, perceived value, advocacy, repurchase intention 73 base: 113 quotes base: 34 quotes base: 33 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 32 quotes base: 27 quotes base: 22 quotes base: 145 quotes satisfaction perceived value advocacy repurchase intention focus on mean customer satisfaction in-depth analysis 75 customer satisfaction - correlation analysis the considerations coming from the bivariate analysis, allow us to highlight some important issues. the items have a different meaning according to the point of view with which they are considered: the satisfaction related to the whole market or the satisfaction related to a single product/brand. satisfaction related to a specific company/product here the scheme is the same, but we can highlight the strength points in the upper-right side of the map, which can determine inefficiency or low differentiation if placed in the left side of the map. in the lower-right we can note an improvement area, where we can find the weak points of a certain company. satisfaction related to the whole market here we can highlight some prerequisites (upper-right corner of the map, where almost all the competitors satisfy the market), some key factors of success (lower-right corner of the map, where companies are not always able to satisfy customers with regard to strategic issues), and indifference areas (lower-left side of the map) which become waste/not efficient areas when a company decides to invest in those items belonging to the upper-left side of the map since, they tends to satisfy the market but they actually dont affect the overall satisfaction at all. bivariate correlation analysis the bivariate correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and measure the influence of the independent variables (in this case, each brand positioning item) on the dependent one (in this case, the recommendation). the bivariate correlation analysis has been used to quantify the relation between the score on the single factors and the rating on the recommendation customer satisfaction - correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 76 items satisfaction score items weight on overall satisfaction in the correlation data processing all items proved to be relevant, thus all items are included in the analysis. the reliability and the support and assistance from the company have the highest weight on the overall satisfaction, while the cost of sw updates and the compatibility with other brands seem to have the lowest weight. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis overall 77 (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) (low) satisfaction score (high) not all the most relevant items in the assessment of the overall satisfaction belong to a specific area of service or technical features of the products, but there is a mix of them. its interesting to note, however, that the items more linked to the service area have received lower satisfaction rates, such as technical assistance, company availability and start-up training. in overall, the costs dont seem to be relevant in the assessment of the overall satisfaction. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis 3shape 78 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) as seen in the overall map, the cost areas is not part of the most relevant items affecting the overall satisfaction. moreover, all important items seem to be quite satisfactory to 3shape users. it must be said, however, that some items look to be in a weaker position, such as start- up training, frequency of sw updates and technical assistance in case of repair. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis amann girrbach 79 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) amann girrbach overall satisfaction seems to be affected by several items, being important to its users, but not all of them show a high score. the weakest items are related to the cost area, to the availability and flexibility of the company and the compatibility with other brands. technical assistance and technical support, despite showing very good rates, looks to be less important than other items. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis sirona 80 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the cost of the sw updates looks to be very close to be an issue with sirona customers, as it received very low scores, and it is very close to the region where the importance in the assessment of the overall satisfaction is higher than average. other weak items are technical assistance, company availability and flexibility and business development support. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis dentsply 81 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) in the map for dentsply, the weakest items in the overall satisfaction look to belong to the area of support from the company, such as start-up training, business development support, technical support, but also the frequency of sw updates is felt to be important, while its rating was not so satisfactory. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis zirkonzahn 82 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) the map for zirkonzahn is quite coherent and almost all important items have received satisfactory ratings. among the weakest ones, can be mentioned start-up training, technical support and technical assistance in case of repair. all of them belongs to the service area. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis dental wings 83 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) dental wings map shows several interesting situations. the items being close to critical area are several and none is related to a technical feature of the equipment: all of them are related to services provided by the company. the wide range of materials available received satisfactory ratings but they dont seem to affect the overall satisfaction relevantly. customer satisfaction - correlation analysis 3m 84 (low) satisfaction score (high) (low) weight on overall satisfaction (high) like already seen for 3shape, the map for 3m doesnt show a specific issue in the lower-right side of the map. close to this area there are the technical assistance in case of repair and the technical support from the company. some of the items have been removed due to the fact that they are not relevant in 3m correlation analysis. customer satisfaction: factor analysis 85 the reduction into factors allowed us to obtain 4 main drivers, product quality, support and assistance, management costs, compatibility. factor 1 (product quality) it is related to the intrinsic qualities of the product. differently from what seen in the analysis carried out on dental practices, the first factor clearly is related to the performance of the product. not only in terms of accuracy and reliability, but also handiness and wide range of materials available. start-up training is considered to be a topic necessary to the use of the product, not properly related to the service a company can provide, but most of all its necessary to the same use of the product. factor 2 (support and assistance) the second factor shows all soft components related to the grade of availability and support the company can provide to their customers in the use of the digital technologies. the strongest items of this factor are the technical support and the business development support. its interesting to note that what was not relevant to the assessment of the overall satisfaction in the analysis on dental practices, for the laboratories, the business development support becomes relevant and it is among the driving items of the second factor. factor 3 (management costs) the new digital technologies have to be considered a business of the dental laboratories, like it was for dental practices, so that the management costs are also important to make this business profitable for the dental labs. in this sense, the running costs and the cost for sw updates make a separate factor accounting for the overall satisfaction. this factor has not to be confused with the cost for acquiring a digital equipment, but clearly, the ordinary costs, sustained every year to run the digital business, do have their own importance. factor 4 (compatibility) the fourth and last factor is strictly related to the compatibility with other systems, which allows for a easy way to expand the business and meet the needs from the clients (dentists and other laboratories). an open systems surely helps the users to be more flexible and ready to face the different situations that digital restorations shows. 4 factors product quality support and assistance management costs compatibility accuracy and quality of the restorations 0,807 reliability 0,733 handiness / ease of use 0,730 wide range of materials available 0,607 start-up training 0,552 technical support from the company 0,734 business development support 0,709 company availability and flexibility 0,679 technical assistance in case of repair 0,668 frequency of sw updates 0,601 cost of sw updates 0,811 overall running costs 0,752 compatibility with other brands 0,806 customer satisfaction: factor analysis - difference from the mean level of satisfaction by brand on the factors resulting from the factor analysis. 86 the displayed values represent the satisfaction level of those factors, with a value ranging from -1 to +1 where 0 represents the overall mean value. as shown in the chart on the right some brands seem to perform better in the satisfaction of some items in comparison to other ones, as happens for amann girrbach and zirkonzahn. other brands seem to perform below average in some of the considered factors. - + satisfaction level customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 87 what seen in the factor analysis takes here an assessment with regard to the importance that the multiple regression analysis highlights the single factors may have in determining the overall satisfaction. like it happened with the regression analysis on dental practices, the value of r2 is really high (0,777), so that a large portion of satisfaction can be explained by the items contained in the factors here shown. unlike what seen in the report for dental practices, there is no clear prevalence of one factor over the other ones. in this case, the items showing the highest weights on the satisfaction are two: product quality and support and assistance. it will be interesting to see if the same weight on the overall satisfaction is shown in the analysis performed on the single brands. the other factors are the same of the analysis performed on dental practices. management costs and compatibility again shows almost the same weight (18% the former, 17% the latter). (r2=0,777) overall satisfaction 32% 18% product quality management costs 33% support and assistance compatibility 17% customer satisfaction: multiple regression analysis 88 while 3shape breakdown of the weights of the different factors looks to be on par with the overall situation (only a lower weight for the compatibility), other companies show a different breakdown. this is the case of amann girrbach, where the product quality and the management costs show a higher than average weights. zirkonzahn and 3m show a very high weight of product quality, while then overall satisfaction of sirona, dentsply and dental wings look to be mostly affected by the factor support and assistance. multiple regression analysis the regression analysis is a multi-variate statistical technique whose main aim is to find out the existing relationship between a target variable (dependent variable, in our case, the overall satisfaction) and a group of independent variables (each single factor derived from the factor analysis). one of the main focus of the multiple regression is to assess how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by the independent variables (corner stone factors of the satisfaction which have been previously indicated: product quality, support and assistance, management costs, compatibility), i.e. how much these factors are influencing the behavior of the dependent one. conclusions 89 the german respondents had their relevant weight in this analysis, as the weight of this country is quite high. germany looks to be the most mature market with regard to the digital technologies, and to a certain extent the approach and the stance versus the digital world is different from that of the other countries. the overall scenario analysis highlighted a common belief regarding the fact that digital technologies are going to change the way the restorations and the dentistry in general will be performed. the change looks to be not so dramatic, meaning that the traditional prosthetic will maintain a certain distinct role even in the future. the roles and the cooperation between dentists and technicians looks not to be in danger, on the contrary it may tighten. moreover, a closer cooperation with the industry is expected as well.", "type": "Document"}}