{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/CADCAM_BRA_22_Eng.pdf", "total_pages": 80, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentaci\u00f3n de PowerPoint", "author": "user", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240926191800+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "sirona users make up about 90% of owners and, therefore, have a behavior very similar to the analyzed sample, with a slightly higher weight of after sales. the regression analysis is a multivariate statistical technique, whose main goal is to discover the existing relationship between one target variable (dependent variable, in this case, satisfaction) and a set of independent variables (each unique factor derived from factorial analysis). thus, trying to understand and to foresee the behavior of the target variable according with changes in independent variables. one of the main focus of multiple regression is to evaluate how much part of the dependent variable (satisfaction) is explained by independent variables, in other words, how much these factors influence the behavior of a dependent variable. in order to complete the factorial analysis, it is important to also evaluate the weight of these factors on the overall satisfaction, in order to understand if the improvement in one of the factors may also improve the satisfaction of a given brand. the figure r2=0.716 means that about 72% of the satisfaction is explained and based on these factors: owners sample loyalty metrics 37 brand advocacy score (b.a.s.) the interviewees are rated as \"advocates\", \"neutral\" or non-advocate\" of each brand. for each brand, b.a.s. subtracts the distribution percentage of non-advocates from the distribution percentage of advocates, to show the actual impact of mouth to mouth indication. perceived value inclination to recommend repurchase intention mean mean mean up to which point do you agree that cad-cam products of the following manufacturers worth their purchase price? what is the likelyhood of you recommending cad-cam products of the following companies to a colleague? if you had to replace your current cad-cam, system, how likely would it be that for you to buy the same brand again? b.a.s.* 28% the risk of abandonment derives from the assumption that a low value of repurchase intention may mean a risk of, in the future, the product no longer being used. lower scores in repurchase intention have a higher risk of abandonment, while higher values mean that a current customer will likely still use this product in the future. even if the perception of perceived value is negative, this item does not impact on the trend towards recommendation or repurchase intention. high cost/benefit average cost/benefit low cost/benefit advocate neutral non-advocate low risk medium risk high risk owners sample potential market for cad-cam cad-cam world overview position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 40 base: 570 cases total sample random sample analyzing the clusters of dental practices, it can be noticed among younger dentists, among practices with higher number of chairs and among practices the serve predominantly patients of a high social class, a higher level than the average for comfort with cad-cam technology. position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 41 base: 570 cases total sample still analyzing the practices clusters, we have perceived some other patterns regarding comfort with cad-cam technologies. those with a higher number of consultations per week, specially those with a monthly expenditure with consumables above brl 1,500 feel more comfortable with the technologies. random sample position regarding cad-cam technologies what is your position regarding cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit)? 42 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing from the practices management point of view, in their majority, practices with a business plan, knowledge of work hour and their costs and profit margins, are inclined to be more comfortable and closer to cad-cam technologies. random sample influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way protheses are made in brazil? 43 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists random sample it is interesting to notice how most interviewees stated that new digital technologies will replace traditional prostheses. in the analysis of respondents' profiles, it is noticed that among practices with mostly a and b classes patients, the perception that cad-cam will replace traditional prostheses is higher than in other clusters. influence of cad-cam technology to perform the prosthesis how do you think the cad-cam technologies (particularly, intraoral scanning and chairside milling unit) will affect the way prostheses are made in brazil? 44 base: 481 cases excluded orthodontists among the clusters of number of consults, prints and monthly expenses, the respondents show themselves to be coherent with the national average as for their perception of the future of cad- cam technology in prostheses. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 45 base: 570 cases total sample analyzing the penetration of cad-cam technologies in demographic clusters, we see between the age clusters a similar penetration, however between the clusters of number of chairs and social class, we perceive a slight penetration of frequently and regularly among practices with more than two chairs and in office where most patients belong to a and b classes. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 46 base: 570 cases total sample in production and service clusters, we perceive small trends very similar to the national average between all clusters, with a slight exception of practices with monthly expenses above brl 1,500, which are inclined to offer cad- cam restorations and prostheses more frequently. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses directly or through a laboratory, do you offer to your patients indirect restorations / prosthesis made with cad-cam technology? 47 base: 570 cases total sample in the practice management cluster, the trends are also very similar to the national average between all the clusters. the two differentiating parameters are, certainly, the presence of a business plan and the presence of a prosthesis technician in the office. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? 48 base: 239 cases cad-cam users considering that only 42% of the sample offers cad-cam prostheses and that 4.7% of these have a chairside, it is calculated that there is less than 2% of cad-cam in brazil. random sample offer of cad-cam prostheses and how do you do it? focus on cad-cam users 49 base: 239 cases cad-cam users among the management indicators, we see a relatively higher average penetration of cad-cam equipment installed among practices with a business plan. such phenomenon can be indicative of a correlation between the maturity of management of a practice and the purchase of a cad-cam equipment. random sample brand awareness analysis cad-cam equipment 51 glossary unaided awareness represents the whole set of brands of a given product family that is recalled by the interviewed sample. within the borders of unaided awareness, the consumer decides reasonably to make a purchase. top of mind it is the first brand mentioned by the interviewee, related to a given product family. it is the closest indicator of \"intention to buy\" or of the current use of the products and is strictly linked to the brand's value. prominence index it is the relationship between top of mind and unaided awareness; it is an indicator of awareness quality and estimates the brand's ability to represent the product family to those who know it, regardless their global awareness. relevance index it is the relationship between unaided awareness and recalled awareness. it defines the brand's ability to be recalled whenever the customer decides to make a purchase. cad-cam manufacturers: unaided awareness which manufacturers (cad-cam) of intraoral scanner and chairside milling unit come to your mind? 52 base: 570 cases total sample the comparison between unaided awareness and top of mind highlights relevant differences in the prominence index, in which a higher value indicates the brand's capacity to represent a products family. 13% of dentists know sirona as a brand, but only 11% of them know it to the point of mentioning it as first brand. the prominence index represents the average number of brands mentioned by each interviewee: the sum of percentage is 127%, i.e., in average, each dental office mentions more than 1 brand. random sample cad-cam manufacturers: total awareness do you know any of these brands? 53 base: 570 cases total sample the relevance index is important because it highlights the ability of a brand to be spontaneously recalled by interviewees, therefore, potentially when they need to make a purchase decision. in this preparation, statements that bring the product's name instead of the brand were expressed in this analysis (for instance: cerec, that obtained 4% of spontaneous notoriety, was summed to sironia's spontaneous notoriety). random sample relevance (strength of the brand in the category) prominence (capacity to represent the product category) + + cad-cam manufacturers: relevance vs. prominence do you know any of these brands? 54 base: 570 cases total sample the map of relevance/prominence highlights the brand's capacity to come to the dentist's mind when talking about a given product category (relevance) and the brand's ability to be mentioned spontaneously first (prominence). in the b2b market, prominence is closely linked to the use of product. therefore, in the upper right side of the map there are brands with above average ability to be recalled spontaneously and more frequently than average. in the upper left side there are brands with an above average ability to be recalled spontaneously, but with less frequency than the average are mentioned as the first brands. in the lower right side of the map there are brands with a lower than average ability to be recalled, but compared to the average, they are more frequently recalled as first brands. these are brands more recalled by their users, in their majority. amann girrbach has a low brand notoriety, but may be a future competitor to sirona in cad-cam equipment. planmeca is in a niche (almost elite) position, and if it improves its communication strenght, it may earn a relevant position in the digital technolgies world. random sample recommendation to colleagues cad-cam brands correlation analysis the correlation analysis is a technique that helps to identify and to measure the influence of independent variables (in this case, current and former users) over the dependent one (in this case, overall satisfaction). it was used to quantify the ratio between score and individual factors and evaluation over recommendation.", "type": "Document"}}