{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "3shape, dentsply sirona and zirkonzahn confirm their leadership, but new competitors are growing, such as amann girrbach, roland, nobil metal and open technologies. this is even more evident when the top of mind is analysed: a relevant number of companies are increasing their top of mind score. unaided awareness top of mind digital equipment brands: unaided awareness vs. prominence index map thinking about the equipment to produce indirect restorations with digital workflow, what brands come to your mind? labo 39 the map relates quantitative awareness data (unaided awareness) with a qualitative index that expresses the brand attitude to be immediately associated with the product category (prominence). in the upper right side of the map there are brands with an unaided awareness above the average one and higher immediate association to the product category. 3shape is the brand that is more associated with digital workflow equipment. other brands like ivoclar vivadent, nobil metal or egs show a lower unaided awareness, but a higher prominence index, so that they are more often considered to be representative of this category by the respondents who have mentioned them. - unaided awareness + prominence + digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. 40 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to underline that some brands like 3m, ivoclar vivadent, gc, kavo and straumann show a high percentage of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. 3shape and dentsply sirona show among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. *align technology and itero has been considered as two separate brands for the total awareness, with the aim to observe any significant differences. digital equipment brands: total awareness for each of the following brands, please state if you know it. base: 600 cases (whole sample) labo 41 total awareness represents a consolidation between aided awareness and unaided awareness. it is interesting to notice that some brands like kavo, ivoclar vivadent, 3m and bego show the highest percentages of quotes related to the awareness due to other product categories. dentsply sirona shows among the highest values of awareness related to the manufacturing of cad-cam equipment. digital equipment brands: total awareness in digital segment for each of the following brands, please state if you know it (as a cad-cam manufacturer). 42 base: 281 cases (whole sample) clinic the relevance index is important because highlights the capability of a brand to be recalled spontaneously to mind by respondents, thus potentially, when they need to take a decision for purchase. it is interesting to note the quite high total awareness of dentsply sirona and 3shape, which, at the same time, do show high levels of spontaneous digital awareness so that the resulting relevance index is higher than average. notoriet spontanea vs.", "type": "Document"}}