{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "file_path": "../sources/OMNI_DIGITAL_ITA_19_CLI_LAB_INTEGRATED_.pdf", "total_pages": 175, "format": "PDF 1.7", "title": "Presentazione standard di PowerPoint", "author": "Key-Stone", "subject": "", "keywords": "", "creator": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "producer": "Microsoft\u00ae PowerPoint\u00ae per Microsoft 365", "creationDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "modDate": "D:20240927080221+02'00'", "trapped": ""}, "page_content": "there are several items on which resources are not worth investing. customer experience analysis due to the reduced number of cases, it is possible to perform the analysis by brand only for the sample of laboratories satisfaction score: open technologies lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) open technologies overall 161 open technologies (42 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? open technologies labo the correlation analysis highlights how for open technologies the overall satisfaction is not influenced by items generally valid for other companies, which are not significant. only two items among those proposed are relevant, therefore it would be necessary to further investigate if there are any other drivers of satisfaction. 162 items importance average score not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant satisfaction score: 3shape lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) 3shape overall labo 163 3shape (31 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? 3shape labo 164 the number of relevant items is lower in the correlation analysis model for 3shape, however, the reliability and the ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. - items importance + average score + overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction 3shape waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement labo 165 the map for 3shape shows a quite satisfactory situation, as all items being relevant to the construction of the satisfaction are placed in the uper right side of the map. satisfaction score: dental wings lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) dental wings overall labo 166 dental wings (28 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? dental wings labo 167 not significant not significant not significant not significant not significant items importance average score for dental wings, accuracy, reliability and ease of use seem to be the most important items in the construction of the satisfaction. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction dental wings labo waste/inefficiency indifference strength points critical areas of improvement items importance + average score + 168 the correlation analysis map for dental wings clearly show that one of the most relevant items in the construction of the satisfaction - handiness / ease of use - didnt receive satisfactory scores, therefore it is placed in the critical area in the lower right quadrant of the map. satisfaction score: amann girrbach lets consider now each one of the used cad-cam brands, please rate your satisfaction concerning the following factors. (scores from 1 completely unsatisfied to 10 completely satisfied) amann girrbach overall labo 169 amann girrbach (25 quotes) mean overall brands (365 quotes) overall satisfaction: correlation analysis how much are worth the single items on the overall satisfaction? amann girrbach labo not significant items importance average score 170 the correlation analysis on amann girrbach statements highlights that reliability and technical assistance are very important items, along with a wide range of procedures and the fact of being able to achieve a simplified daily practice. overall satisfaction: correlation analysis correlation analysis map vs. overall satisfaction amann girrbach waste/inefficiency indifference items importance + average score + strength points critical areas of improvement labo 171 the correlation map for amann girrbach is quite coherent and consistent , although a few items look to be weaker than other, because they show a higher than average weight on the overall satisfaction, but they received a lower than average satisfaction score. this is the case of frequency of sw updates, technical assistance and company availability and flexibility. other indicators: perceived value score to what extent would you agree that the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands have an ideal price/quality ratio? (scores from 1 strongly disagree to 10 strongly agree) mean base: 365 quotes base: 31 quotes base: 28 quotes base: 25 quotes base: 42 quotes labo 172 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: low value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to medium value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 7 to high value/price ratio: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 9 to mean (365 quotes) (31 quotes) (28 quotes) (25 quotes) (42 quotes) other indicators: repurchase intention score 5 years from now, how likely are you to still be using the cad-cam equipment of the following company brands? (scores from 1 definitely will not be using to 10 definitely will be using) labo 173 the possible answers have been further clustered in order to better highlight the differences in the scores among the brands evaluated. the clustering is the following: high risk: the scores grouped in this cluster are from 1 to 3.", "type": "Document"}}